Hello, everybody, thank you for waiting.
Let's get up Steve Agy.
Oh my God, it's so nice to be back in our beautiful Los Angeles, California at the glorious
Egyptian Theater, Temple of the Pharaohs.
I've got very good news for you all, guess what, Harmontown is now in session.
Somewhere among you, Rome is a new Pharaoh, won't you please welcome to the stage the
mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon, Egyptian pyramid like King Tut, I fucked your mama and
her pussy and her butt, I fucked your daddy too, and I nuzzled his nuts, I fucked him all
the way across the country on a big bus, I fucked your mama, I fucked your daddy too,
I fucked your horse and I turned it to glue, freestyle, rap off the top of my head, I can
do it acapella or to the beat instead, I fucked your mama, I fucked your mama, I fucked
your mama like a bitch, it was a llama, it spit at me, and I spit at her back, I turned
her around and I came in a crack, I fucked your mama on her head, I fucked your mama
in her face, I fucked your mama to the moon, in outer space, I fucked your mama in a freestyle,
rap so bad, I fucked your mama all across this great ass land, I fucked your mama on
tour and I came home, fucked your mama with a buffalo row, stole that rhyme from a different
song.
Welcome back everybody.
It's good to be back here in California.
It would have been nice to get some asses in these seats, but it's good that some of
you could have turned out.
We have about 500 Angelinos in the audience, they all paid top dollar, ten dollars at least.
Some people, Jeff, paid more than that, some people paid for some VIP treatment.
Yeah, there was some kickstarter nonsense going on, but I've never quite understood
how you do a kickstarter to make people come to a show.
Not nonsense, Jeff, Harmon sense.
I mean, there's 500 people here at least, but Dan has already gone to make a cocktail,
which is fantastic.
Well, because I had to leave mine back there because I'm strapped with all of this equipment,
the director of the documentary has put me to work, there's a GoPro camera on my head
shooting everybody, that'll get some beautiful images of not you waving just that light
right there.
There's a camera on your chest looking up at the camera on your head, but normally you
spend so much time, Dan, I mean, I couldn't do this at home in the bathroom or anything.
You spend so much time looking at your feet anyway, there's gonna be a camera shooting
camera, it's gonna be like a Bruce Lee Hall of Mirrors going on.
It's meta, dude.
Don't want to make you a drink while you address the crowd.
Yeah, could you please just, Christ, man, I'm a fucking showman, I've got shit to do.
We got so much VIP treatment to knock out, but it's good to see so many old friends,
too.
I mean, we got to do this, we got to do a bullet train version of Harmontown, man.
We got some special guests here tonight, we got a good friend that's fresh out of radiation,
I want to talk to him about his balls, and we got an old hero that we made closer friends
with on the road out there, and we have the Barbara Walters of Comedy, who's gonna give
me some tips on interviewing, and I think he's got a pretty interesting story.
But let's get these jingles out of the way.
These are gonna be, so on the, these are gonna be a cappella anyway, it doesn't matter.
Yeah, I don't know any of them.
On the Kickstarter that we were selling tickets through, we offered, for $250 you could get
a jingle written about your name.
So the first person to take us up on it was our friend David Butler, who's our accountant.
Who as far as we know paid for these tickets with our money.
Right.
So he bought the option, so, so here's David Butler's jingle.
It's a comedy show.
No, no, no, I'm sorry, laugh.
Not my metronome, that.
The Butler did it, David Butler did it, the Butler did it in the butt, but when David Butler
did it, he regretted and he hit it, so he did it, but we don't know what, and when
Butler does it, he gets away because it never leaves a single clue, so when you meet a Butler,
keep your eyes on all your butts, or David Butler will be doing you.
Investigators on the scene can never find, this Butler's nuts and wiener deep in your
behind, and when there is no evidence, there is no crime.
Oh, the Butler does it, but he does no time.
The Butler did it, David Butler did it, he did it, but we don't know what.
He didn't use a candlestick, his weapon is a giant dick, his victim is another butt.
You can have your money back.
You know what's going to be good, this shot on my shitty VHS camera, it looks like the
Lawrence Walk Show out there, it looks really nice.
These guys didn't really have their money back, Jim, Jim, what's his name, Spicoli?
Is that you right there?
Hello.
Jim Scampoli, thank you for your $250, you can have it back, yes I know, you emailed
and said, I know the thing is for a name, could you make it for the name of my comedy
show, Jim and Them, hilarious for me to stand up here and sing Your Jingle for Your Show.
But Turnabout's Fair Play, it's a shitty song, so I literally wrote it while like, you know.
Dan had, in backstage had one hand had a Chick-fil-A sandwich in it, and the other hand was trying
to write this song.
Okay, so there's going to be a background track, Jim and Them, Jim and Them, Jim and
Them, Jim and Them, Jim and Them, Jim and Them, Jim and Them are everywhere, and when
they die, no one will care, but they'll be buried side by side with hands clasped tight
and heads held high, they're just some friends of a guy named Jim, they don't have much,
but they've got him, oh Christmas tree, oh Jim and Them, let's drink some pee, Jim and
Them, Jim and Them, Jim and Them, Jim and Them, Jim and Them, Jim and Them, Jim and
Them paid for this song, it was supposed to be a name, so they did it wrong, but Jim
and Them are where it's at, all dogs are boys, all girls are cats, that's all I got.
You can have your money back, it's free, Jim, Sports Corner!
So Dan, what a bull, no ordinary bull, Jeff, never is this time of year, how do you feel
about the city that hosted the Super Bowl, how did they do as a city, well it's great
when the team can be on their home turf, they always gain more confidence from that, so
you thought the Saints had the home field advantage there, great to see them having
the home field advantage, now you heard about the big gaff of the electricity, yeah, these
things are going to happen, Jeff, there's a lot of electricity pouring into the stadiums
when people play and so someone's going to always hit the wrong switch or something.
So who did you have your money on going into that game?
I was a bird's, what was the Ravens?
Ravens, you got one right!
Well I learned this in San Francisco, I was thinking Ravens maybe, then I thought maybe
49ers and then, Jeff, it's all about yardage, so I just thought I would wait to see which
team got more yardage and then base it on that, did you know, Jeff, that they were playing
on artificial turf?
I did know that, because it was an indoor dome, yeah, so the yardage is wider, you gain
more yardage, sunlight shortens yards, yeah, great bull, great game, amazing the outcome,
who could have predicted it, not me, certainly nobody, we don't need to repeat it, you don't
need to quiz me on it, that's not what sports corners are about.
Now it's time for an all tennis, Australian Open Talk!
G'day!
Wow, some Australian Open, huh Harmon?
Wow, Wimbledon's got nothing on the Australians, Jeff.
Why is that?
Well, they've got courts that are larger, they've got, the nets are higher, people are
out there, they want to win, you know, they swing the rackets, actually the umpire comes
out at the beginning and puts a larger net out, and if he holds the original sized net
and goes, that's not a net, then they bring out the Australian net and he goes, now that's
a net.
Yeah, he lets you know, sports corner sucks, let's kill it, I knew too much about the Super
Bull because I actually went to the bar and I actually went to the bar and I actually
went to the bar.
That's why I went to Australian Open, you don't know shit about tennis.
I know, but then I said the courts are longer, I don't know what sports, I don't know what
the joke is anymore, I don't get it, I don't get my own joke anymore.
You've got too many cameras on your head, I don't like sports, I don't know anything
about sports, I've got a bunch of cameras in my head, let's just, let's free-form.
If you could be good at any sport, honestly, if you could be good at one physical activity
or sport, what would be the one thing you'd be awesome at?
Does it come at the expense of anything else?
No, no, you poof and you have it.
Okay, just an extra thing I get to do.
You can hit a baseball farther than anybody or you're the world's best golfer or you
can scoop a dive deeper or I don't know, I almost want to say Billiards, but then it
would just be one of those billiard dicks, because that's where it would come in handy.
Some people call me Billiards dick, because I got a pocket for a ball, some people call
me Billiards dick because I live inside a billiards hall, yeah, oh I got chops.
I live inside a place where they play pool and I fuck your mama all the time.
Rhyme.
Okay.
Squeeze a lime?
What are you going to say there yet?
No, no, no, I don't care.
You've been rapping across this great nation of ours and you still haven't learned to stop
saying south and mouth.
Time and rhyme.
Mama and llama.
You know, I don't know.
I don't know if any of you had listened to the podcast as we went across the country.
I felt there was an opportunity there for Dan to really grow as a rapper and I think
now is the time to test whether or not you have.
I got good at rapping.
You can hear me running around Madison.
You can hear me starting to get really good.
Yo, yo, yo, freestyle, freestyle.
On the top of my head, don't know what to say.
Punch a comment in the grass at the hay.
Took a picture board instead of my dick.
Stuck it inside her like a lunatic.
She died.
I went to prison.
Newton, in the middle of the prison, split light to three colors.
I punched a comment and then her brother, that's my uncle, no, it's yours.
I punched her.
They're all pores.
I punched her butt, I punched her right.
I punched them with toothpaste, made their teeth bright.
I punched them.
I punched them on their tongues.
I punched them in their mouth and then I was done.
I was done.
Okay, I was wrong.
Thanks, Los Angeles.
West Coast.
You fucked up a woman's brother and for a moment consider that was your own uncle.
Yeah, well, but you fight as many mamas as I do.
Chances are you're fucking one of your own uncles.
Genealogy becomes a haze.
Everyone's mama becomes like a silver Prius, you know.
It's like the most common thing.
You're just lost in the parking lot.
All right, Herman, I missed you in the drive home.
Holy shit.
You all right?
Yeah, well, there's blood coming back to me.
Jesus Christ.
In Denver, you blame the altitude, but we're not high right now.
Yeah, I'm a little high.
All right, Jeff, but I left you for a while then and I had to fly off to Vegas to do a
thing and I missed the ride home.
The triumphant return.
Yeah.
What did I miss?
I don't know what you missed.
You missed the sad goodbyes.
You know, you missed.
Did you see Splencers?
Splencers.
I saw when he added an L to his name.
Yeah.
Yeah, Spencer left his incredibly beautiful melancholy YouTubey kind of clip.
Wait, was he driving during that?
He kept talking about who's driving, but he was looking at the camera.
I was worried about...
He had to drive out and see me valley.
He just gets in his car and just drives.
And it was really, it was beautiful and it's sadness.
He's going to steal the documentary.
We know that.
Yeah.
It's going to be a documentary character that everyone's gay for.
I like that guy.
He's going to be on the cover of the DVD.
He's beard.
He's bigger than you on our poster, I think, isn't he?
Like on the...
Probably.
His beard's bigger.
Because I didn't learn anything, Jeff.
I didn't change out there.
You learned nothing from that?
I got a little better at rapping.
I learned a little bit.
I learned that I'm an abusive boyfriend, but I think I already knew that.
I learned that the fans are great.
I learned they're good people.
I learned that I can do whatever I want and that I don't know what to do with that permission.
It's a bore people, make them sad, sometimes gross them out.
I learned that I smell like an onion.
I learned that my hemorrhoid comes back quicker if I'm off my diet.
Your hemorrhoid came back in Salt Lake City, I believe.
Dan was walking around backstage.
I tried to keep it a secret, but it kept peeking out and I couldn't help but tell everyone.
Because when you got a hemorrhoid, it itches and it bleeds.
And it doesn't matter what the audience needs.
I just want to be truthful and tell her I got a fucking thing on my ass.
Her word has been head of the class.
Say it again, I'm saying her word has been head of the class.
I got a hemorrhoid sticking out of my ass.
Toby Keith gonna make some pita skins and grenades. I'm gonna do countries and invade.
I'm gonna wave the flag and suck a million balls.
Toby Keith gonna ride a tank and get you surprised.
Oh it's me, Toby Keith, surprised. I sang a song for you and I'm jerking off in the mirror every night.
I fuck my mother and I cry when I masturbate. Toby Keith, I'm a big dumb fucking asshole, Toby Keith.
Easy target. Easy target.
Yeah, we came down pretty hard on Toby Keith.
He barely survived the Dixie Chick. He's an easy target.
I almost lost a fight to a Dixie Chick. Okay, let's start bringing some of our people up here.
We got people.
We got a roster of A-list people to talk to. I'm trying to think of what order to do them.
I think that the most logical order will be to check in with...
I'm sorry, I'm out of breath.
You're off your diet, man.
I went off my diet and I'm out of breath by fake line dancing.
How much weight do you think you gained on the road?
Probably like 15, 20 pounds.
There was a point where we went to In-N-Out and you weren't there.
From San Francisco to LA, I was like, okay, I got to go back to the diet when I got to LA.
That's when the shit really hit the fan.
That's when the shame eating started.
Not hungry at all, ever. Hungry, just eating, just to eat.
Just because we went to LA, I was going to go back to the diet.
I went to In-N-Out, got a double double with some fries, a Neapolitan shake.
It's a secret thing Spencer taught me about.
There's all kinds of stuff off the menu. You can get like a flying handjob.
You can get a reverse chihuahua.
You can get David Blaine's scrotum.
K-Pickles and no onions, but three patties, but they're not on a bun.
They're on three sheets of paper and there's a cigarette on top.
And they're suspended 40 miles above the earth.
Yeah, and then a bus drives by and it's got your dead friend's name on it.
It's only $4.95. It's really a deal.
It's pretty great, but it never goes away.
And it's slowly just sadder and sadder.
So I got the double double.
The fries were stale. They were too crispy.
Okay, you follow me?
I got you.
I went to an adjacent McDonald's and here's where it gets shady.
The bus had overheated and everyone was watching our bus driver Jason fix the engine on the bus.
I went to a McDonald's.
I was like, these fries are stale. I'm going to get some better fries at McDonald's.
I went to the McDonald's.
And they found one of your earlier French fries stuck in there just to buy you time to sabotage the engine to go to McDonald's.
But I'm not going to only get fries. I got a quarter pounder with cheese.
And I got another milkshake.
And I put it all in the bag.
I put the milkshake in a bag so I would just look like I had fries.
And I just walked past everybody who was on a picnic watching the bus get fixed.
Top of the morning. I want to finish off these fries and go take a nap.
And I just went into a bus and hid while I ate.
16-year-old with real problems.
But I'm 40 and the real problem is that shit will kill you, man. What am I doing?
Alright, let's talk about speaking of...
Our next guest.
Our next guest is no stranger to...
Diabetes.
Our next guest we kept running into on the road out there.
And he's an old hero of mine in terms of performance.
I don't want that on him because I don't have an act and I'm not doing anything that he would want attributed to him.
But when we were in Milwaukee we saw him do something incredibly inspiring.
Me and Schrab and he put us past the tipping point of moving to LA.
He was a master stand-up at one point and then at another point completely reinvented as a guy that would make some great indie films.
So please welcome our friend, our road dog, our strange soulmate, Bob Goldthwaite.
I think...
I'll just let you have this.
Yeah, okay, there you go.
Hello. Check what?
Hey, hi, thank you.
Hey, how are you?
I'm good, I'm good.
I'd love to take credit for your comedy stylings.
Well, you have a reputation like there's stories about you doing some insane shit on stage.
What was the story about, please forgive me for not getting the details right, I'm going to sound like your dad or something.
He lit Crispin Glover on fire one time.
Correct, yes.
There was another thing, were you opening for Pearl Jam or what?
No, I opened up for Nirvana.
Nirvana, okay, close enough.
First of all, hello everybody.
You know, I was sitting here waiting to go on and I started looking up and I was like, I like the theater.
It's like, it was like this beautiful theater and they said, no, we can put some new shit right over that beautiful old architecture and take care of that.
This is LA.
So I opened for Nirvana, yeah, yeah, which people are always surprised.
I met Nirvana before they broke.
Kurt was a fan of mine and he interviewed me on an Ann Arbor, yeah, on a college radio station.
He wanted to meet me.
It's really weird and quiet, it's like finding out that.
That's fine here though, that's fine.
No, it's just fascinating.
No, it's like fine here.
Did you say Kurt Cobain interviewed you on an Ann Arbor, Michigan radio station?
There's a college station, yeah.
Wow.
So he was moonlighting as a college radio DJ during Nirvana?
No, but it was funny because he wanted to meet me, so that's how it was put together.
But it's funny because he was quiet and kind of mumbly and then, you know, I'm going like...
And so it was really an audible interview, you know.
But people, when they find that out, it's like finding out that Jimmy Hendrix really liked Buddy Hackett, you know.
They really can't wrap their brains around it.
15 cities opening for Nirvana, but it was...
Wow.
A lot of comics I was like, oh, you know, worried about bombing, but that never really bothered me.
You're being set up to bomb if you're a comic opening for a band.
No one's there.
But I also kind of enjoyed that part of it, you know what I mean?
How did you do overall?
Was it usually...
You can't even hear him laughing, right?
It was about every third show ago, okay.
The first show I did was in Chicago right after Michael Jordan had retired from basketball.
And myself and the Nirvanas knew as much about sports as you do, although I didn't even watch the football show yesterday.
I didn't really watch it, but I saw the names of the teams and then someone brought shots over.
Another guy that's in my cell phone came over and that's always bad news and I woke up 5 p.m. the next day.
I'm sorry to interrupt you, please.
No, no, no.
Look, if you're bored with me, I know how these stories end.
No, no.
I'm not bored with you.
This is the story I want to hear, the one that you're cheering up.
Oh, so it was in Chicago and it was like 4,000 Nirvana fans and Michael Jordan had retired from basketball.
And I went out and I wouldn't do this now because I actually understand that everybody has feelings now.
But I went out and I said, hey, Chicago, how are you?
I feel bad for Michael Jordan, but for $40 million a year, I'd shoot my own dad in the fucking head.
And there was this noise that wasn't even that grown.
In my mind, when I retell a story, the pits stop moving.
I actually got hit with a teenager once when I was doing the show.
When you do something like that, you're not sitting backstage.
Maybe there's a 5 minute period backstage.
Do you see that shit flying off of my walrus beard?
For you and the podcast audience, there's shit flying off of my beard and mustache and I haven't trimmed for 30 days.
You're in the wings and maybe in your head you're going like, I think I'll do this.
But are you also thinking about their reaction or are you thinking like...
If I know the truth, I never told this part of that story.
I actually said that to Kurt as I was walking in the stage.
I said $40 million, I'd shoot my own dad in the fucking head.
And then I went out there and I said it and afterwards he goes, I can't believe you said that.
When you said it to him, did he go like, you got to do that on stage?
No, no, no.
Kurt Cobain impression that I'm working on?
I don't know.
You got to do that on the stage, Bob Goldway.
If Kurt Cobain was a horny bear, that's what that sounded like.
Where's Bob Cobain on stage?
A horny rubby's on my dick.
Actually, I remember when I got off, he was truly like the only one laughing in the venue.
He was behind an amp.
Have you ever gone on stage and told the Kurt Cobain blowing his head off you?
Myself?
Yeah.
Oh, no.
I'm kidding, of course.
Oh, you mean...
That story comes full circle in a terrible way, is what I'm saying.
Yeah, I feel like a bus you go by right now with his name on it to really bum me out all the way, Jeff.
Hey, look at me from this angle.
Look at me from this angle.
Just from that angle.
Just that specific angle.
I think his most amazing power was that the amount of women he banged.
Oh, man.
That's the real David Blaine magic.
So, why are you out there on the road? Why did I run into you in my underwear after yelling at my girlfriend at a hotel?
Yeah.
That was a nice icebreaker.
I don't know why.
Well, you guys were fighting in the room.
Could you hear us?
Oh, yeah.
You could hear me?
Yeah.
You said you couldn't that night.
I heard you when I walked in.
When I came down the hall, I heard you fighting.
Oh, fuck me.
I mean, the documentary crew...
I gaged it.
I was like, is this 911?
No, this is just fucking...
No, this is just...
They're just rehashing shit.
Yeah.
Co-dependent.
Because the people next to us was more...
They were more of a dick in the ass.
That woman that came out and yelled at us.
She had to go autistic kids or something, yeah.
It sounded like she was skinning an autistic kid.
It was just like...
I was like...
I just put my babies to bed.
I go, whatever you're calling it, lady.
But remember, she yelled at us for being in the hall.
Yeah, yeah.
She did.
That was the outrageous thing.
I was yelling at my girlfriend.
I was doing my Kevin Spacey.
I call it my Kevin Spacey.
I like the fact that...
You, a family, an 80s comedian, Bobcat Goldway,
and I'm the only one not screaming.
Why am I the quiet one here?
Yeah, why am I the one?
Hey, man, we can all just, you know, keep it cool, all right?
If my career has taught you anything, it's...
That is hysterical.
Well, I've never put that together.
You used to be famous for screaming.
That's a testament to how cool you've become in your recent career.
That's another thing I wanted to ask you about.
Your films, I feel like there must be something you do as a director.
This is going to sound like I'm just kissing your ass because you're here.
But I always wanted to ask you if there's something you do with your actors
because I don't want to bag on Robin Williams.
He's a comedian, icon, national treasure, blah, blah, blah.
But I don't think he'd cry if he heard another person say,
yeah, he's never really on my cup of tea on screen as a dramatic actor.
But then your movie, where in that first actor,
he's relating to that kid who eventually,
automatically asphyxiates himself and like...
Spoiler alert.
Yeah, well, that's the first plot plan.
Look, if you haven't seen it, who cares?
The kid dies jerking off.
Father of the Year.
World's Greatest Dad.
World's Greatest Goddamn Dad.
This is the third time I've done that, too.
But what is Father of the Year?
Is that a...
That must be some movie with...
Billy Crystal or something.
I think, yeah.
Oh, Jesus.
No, that's Father's Day.
Father's Day?
I don't fucking know.
Well, let's make a movie called Father of the Year
so that I stop being wrong about it when I ask you about it.
Sequel?
Hey, let me a flashback.
Oh, remember before my kid died,
it'd be like the Muppet Babies of auto-erotic fiction.
I found Robin Williams absolutely resonant
and relatable and compelling in that movie.
Not only is it the first time I liked him
in a long time as a dramatic actor,
but it's the first time that I've ever seen a story
about a dad of a teenage kid.
I'm 40 years old now.
I should have had a kid a long time ago.
I'll probably have one at some point.
You listening?
Not if you keep yelling at her.
No, are you kidding me?
That makes her eggs drop.
Yeah, I'm sure that is.
I'm sure that is.
We're like cats.
It's like the barbed penis.
Again, I wasn't nervous for either of your safety
when I heard the fighting shit.
It's just a weight-trash mating dance.
It was like so played out your argument.
At one point, I heard you go, line.
Just your off-book and your confusing meeting.
It's a dive out of a curtain.
Yeah, that's all right.
I did you a favor the day I met you.
Oh, I did you a favor the day I met you.
Now you want more?
But I will strangle you with this plastic thing
that holds six packs together.
You're a fish to me.
So if we were...
If you were in a movie with me right now,
Dan, that was really good.
Let's just do it again.
And we have mics.
Everybody can hear you.
That is often the note I get from...
Well, from me, you know?
I mean, I always thought I had to make
the craft service people laugh, you know?
So I was like, I do still say that I'm a really bad actor.
And I think maybe part of that,
if people do like the movies I make,
you know, you can ask Marin.
I just worked with him.
I don't know if I did anything for him.
I'm not going to ask Marin anything.
He's going to go...
But, you know, Robin and I have been friends.
Marc Maron, everybody.
There we go.
Marc Maron to the stage.
Just come on up, Mason.
Yeah, let's get him up here.
Marc Maron.
Yo, yo, it's Marc Maron.
Yo, Marc Maron, why you staring?
Is your mama rocking chairing?
Gonna fuck her like Sherrod Stone.
I gave your mama my bone to Marc Maron.
Mrs. Marin got alone,
but not for long when I came to her house.
I put my waddle weenie in her like a shit was a mouse.
It went peep peep peep and could I get some cheese?
My name is Marisa Marin.
Could I have some more, please?
Harmon's dick is going to make you pregnant.
Nothing's going to rhyme with that.
That's the end.
Hello, Mark.
Hey.
Is this Vine?
Are you vining me?
I got to tell my mom to listen to this.
I didn't know it was mine.
Those ones are going to tell my mother to listen to you.
That's very nice.
I thought vining was actually putting your penis in the foreground of a photo.
That's like a...
So, there's a lot of motherfucking going on in your rap.
I am not soft on mamas when I rap.
I don't get to use the n-word, so I just fill...
My styrofoam peanut is fuck your mama.
So, that's your analogy for the n-word?
Is your mother?
No, I'm just saying.
If I could use the n-word, my rap should be filled with it.
That's why he's the master, ladies and gentlemen.
Bam.
Right?
Boiled it down.
So, your mother's looking for the n-word.
He's the Barbara Walters of comics.
I'm not sure I like that so much.
I saw that written about you, and I thought that was...
I immediately knew that you wouldn't have like that.
So, that was amazing.
I'm an annoying Jewish woman of podcasting?
All right, I'll take it.
I've always saw him as the Daelus Reigns of...
I'm glad I'm not the only person who didn't get that reference.
Famous Orange Weatherman from California.
Okay, okay.
Good job on getting the mic.
That only took a few minutes.
I leaned over, and I went like...
I gave a couple of hands.
No, it feels better now.
I appreciate it.
For a while, that was wow.
You want to know about Bob's directing style?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He directed four episodes of my show.
Which I saw the pilot for, which I'm really looking...
Yeah, we talked about it.
It was great.
What Bob will do is he'll let you run the scene,
and everybody will do the lines and everything.
And then what he would do with me is he'd come over,
and he'd sort of pull me aside, and he goes,
don't listen to what anyone else is saying.
Okay, just do what you want to do,
and I'm going to be over there.
You hear a car start.
Is that right?
That's fair, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I spend most of my time when I'm directing
trying to find a chair.
Yeah.
Talked to me by the great Richard Donner.
Actually, I was in Scrooge that he directed
and a Tales from the Crypt.
He's like, kid, you want to learn how to direct?
I go, yeah.
And he goes, come on my trailer.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
I'm not falling for that again.
No.
And so he says, he just throws me a pillow,
and he goes, take a lot of naps.
It's a true story.
I go, really?
And that's why he got fired off of Superman, too.
Yeah.
That's what I was told writers, like young writers,
you have any advice for young writers?
Go take a nap.
You're young.
Don't wake up until the pressure's on.
You sit at the computer, and you look at the screen
until you go, fuck.
And then you jerk off.
Yeah.
And then you take a nap.
Isn't that writing?
I mean, am I misunderstanding it?
Get as short a deadline as you possibly can
from anyone that's willing to pay you for anything,
because if they give you nine months,
you will find out what happens to your body
if you masturbate for eight months in three weeks.
You will see a penis.
I passed that line 20 years ago.
All this is explained to you in the WGA Guild books.
Just a bunch of photos of writer's dicks.
A bunch of photos of writer's dicks.
Do you want me to...
A mac and cheese on the stove.
I'm sorry.
No, I don't want to step on anything,
but I talked to you before the show,
and I've got this story
that is such a classic show business story
that I've been gifted with.
I never expected this to happen in my life,
and I've got like a classic show business story.
I think this is the place to do it,
if anyone here wants to hear...
A classic...
Because it also addresses your question about interviewing,
because it all comes around to this.
By the way, this is what I want.
I brought Marc Maron here because I wanted to...
Well, trick people into buying tickets,
but also I wanted to ask him,
because I just finished his podcast tour,
like, I'm a terrible interviewer.
This is like my weakest skill, right, Jeff?
After rap.
Yeah.
I think he's excellent at rap.
He is, he's alright.
Yeah.
Interviewing is no easy task,
going to fuck your mama so hard.
Pussy needs a blast.
Alright, alright.
He was...
What'd I do?
Yeah, the thing was going to be,
I was going to ask Marin how do you interview people,
as the Barbara Walters of comedians.
Well, I don't know about that,
but here's what happens.
So, I get an opportunity to interview Mel Brooks.
Okay?
Now, right, it went up today,
and if you listen to it,
you heard half of this story,
you haven't heard the whole story.
So now, Mel Brooks,
there's nothing he hasn't said publicly about his life,
that he has worked into a shtick,
and that he's gotten laughs with.
It's all out there.
I did research,
I watched all the old dick-cava shows,
I watched the new dick-cava interview,
I watched him interviewed by some English guy.
I listened to a whole episode of The Nerdist.
Alright, that's how far I went.
Wow!
And I say that with love,
and so I put a resentment and contempt.
That's the triangle for me,
that's the triad.
So, my problem was,
how am I going to talk to Mel Brooks
and get something out of him
that he hasn't said before,
and really connect with him as a person?
So, I realized going in,
this would be the advice,
I don't know if you can take this advice,
my first thought was like,
I'm a Jew.
It's alright.
Welcome to the Egyptian.
He's a Jew.
Yeah, we used to...
Thank you.
This place is beautiful.
No, we did a lot of work for them.
We did a lot of work for them.
Some of the greatest Jewish artifacts are Egyptian.
We're going to put you in a basket
and a river after the show.
That would be fine.
I hope that his mother finds me.
So I can fuck her.
The...
Boom.
Huh?
West side.
Alright, so I figure I'll just go
full Jew with Mel.
That's why I just...
Literally, I got in there
within five minutes,
I'm talking like this.
What, are you kidding me?
Of course, you know.
New podcast,
full Jew with Mel.
Full Jew with Mel.
But I've seen that happen to you
when we had a kindler on the show.
I haven't sort of...
If you've got payas, do it like that.
It's really weird.
That was a good moment on the show.
That was fucking hilarious.
Judd Hirsch plays my dad.
My dad's a bipolar lunatic, alright?
So they get Judd Hirsch to play him.
And my concern was Judd Hirsch is a little too...
Hey, how are you? I'm cute.
You know, so...
You replaced what's his name with Judd Hirsch?
Well, he couldn't do it.
That's awesome.
Judd Hirsch is...
He's great.
He's a great actor, right?
But my fear was
why he'd be too cute and too Jewish
and not scary enough to be my father, right?
So he gets there on the first day of shooting
and he's doing his Judd Hirsching.
Like, hey, I'm here.
What do we do?
And all you guys were sitting there
behind the camera going,
oh, he's doing it.
Uh-oh.
Oh, boy.
Independence Day.
Right.
And then there was that moment where I'm like,
he's an actor.
Go tell him to be scary.
And then you went over there
and I think you said,
Judd, can you turn down the Jew a little bit?
Is that what you said?
Yes.
Can you...
Could you just leaven it one quarter inch?
Could you just...
Could you just snip a little bit off the end of it?
End of it?
Or snip less, right?
I don't know.
That always confused me.
No, because I always...
What do I say about this?
He was great, by the way.
Oh, you know, my favorite part of that was
we got done with that episode and you go,
Mary goes, um...
I think my real dad's gonna sue me.
And I go, he should.
That may happen.
No, Brooks.
I don't want to take up all your time.
Yeah, tell the story.
Full Jew.
So I talk to Mel Brooks.
I'm talking to him.
We're getting along.
We're hitting it off.
There's a couple of great moments in the podcast.
One that is now actually on the podcast.
Mel Brooks looks at me and he goes,
I'm gonna give you something exclusive.
And I'm like, fucking great.
He goes, I'm at the Fox Commissary.
I see Gene Wilder sitting with a legal pad.
And I walk up to him and I go,
what are you writing, Gene?
He goes, Young Frankenstein.
It's an outline for a movie.
And Mel Brooks says...
He says, I said to Gene,
I said, we're gonna do that movie.
And Gene said, you gotta get me out here.
Mel Brooks said, I'll get you out here.
And Gene says, I want a cottage at that.
And then Mel Brooks goes, what the hell is that hotel?
What's that hotel?
And I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about.
You know that it's a hotel.
It's in Bel Air.
It's a hotel.
And I go, Beverly Hills Hotel.
He goes, no, it's in Bel Air.
Hold on a minute.
I'll get it.
And then he stands up and he goes to the door
where his assistant is.
He goes, what is that hotel?
It's in Bel Air.
It's on that street.
What is it called?
And I hear the assistant go, I don't know.
He's like, look it up on the thing.
All right, so I hear her clicking away.
And he goes, it's in Bel Air.
And she goes, is it the Bel Air Hotel?
That's it.
The Bel Air Hotel.
Wow.
And he comes in, he sits down.
He wants a room at the Bel Air Hotel.
He wants a supply of Earl Grey Tea
and a supply of digestive biscuits.
And I'm like, yeah.
And he goes, that's the whole thing.
All right.
He's beautiful.
He got that out of Mel Brooks.
He's a master.
So here's what happens.
Here's what happens.
So I do this whole interview of Mel.
So he takes a liking to me and he says, you know,
you should be doing a talk show on television.
And I'm like, great.
Make some calls.
Let's make it happen.
I want a cottage.
Right.
Yeah.
At that hotel.
I need Red Zinger.
What's that?
It's behind the bar.
It's at the Marmont.
It's a bungalow.
What's it called?
Yeah.
So he then goes, you got to talk to Carl.
He got to talk to Carl Reiner.
And I'm like, that'd be great.
He goes, I'll set up for you.
I'll call Carl Reiner.
It'll be great.
And I go, how is Carl Reiner?
And Mel goes, he's about 80%.
All right.
Hold on.
That's awesome.
So then Mel goes, you know what?
I'll walk you out.
And I'm at Culver.
I'm on the second floor in an office building at Culver Studios.
So I walk outside.
We walk down the hall.
I go, thank you, Mel.
And I got my boom in my bag and everything.
He goes, you know what?
I'll walk you down.
So then we walk down.
And I go, all right.
Well, it was great, Mr. Books.
He goes, I'm going to walk you outside.
So we walk outside.
And we're standing outside.
I go, well, thank you again.
He goes, where's your car?
And I go, it's in the parking.
I go, yeah, I'll walk you to your car.
So I'm walking with Mel Brooks.
It's a kid's fear.
Right.
Exactly.
Ladies and gentlemen, Mel Brooks.
It's hilarious.
You would love him to be here.
So then we walk to the parking.
He goes, which car is it?
And I go, it's a camera.
He goes, and he points at a Bentley.
He goes, oh, I thought this was it.
Why did I walk you out here?
And he goes, which camera?
I go, it's that one.
I walk over to the car.
I'm like, thank you, Mel Brooks.
And Mr. Brooks.
And he goes, no, I'm going to watch you put your stuff in your car.
So I put the stuff in the car and he goes, you should have a talk show.
And I'm like, make those calls.
He goes, you talk to Carl.
Right.
All right.
So he sets up Carl.
So I go to Carl's house.
There's a whole other series.
There's a whole other Jewish experience.
I go to Carl's house.
I'm greeted by his nephew and manager, George Shapiro, who's in his 70s.
All right.
Carl is going to be 91.
So George should.
Yeah, right.
George Shapiro comes.
He greets me.
He talks about sign for five minutes.
There's a publicist there.
There's a chair, a couch.
And then Carl comes down and he sits in a chair and I mic him up with the boom.
Right.
And we start talking.
And I say, so you and Mel hang out every night.
I heard he says, he comes over here every night.
We hang out.
I'm like, what do you do?
He goes, it has to do with chicken feathers.
Maybe I'll tell you.
Fine.
So I'm sitting there talking to Carl for like an hour.
While I'm talking to Carl, George Shapiro is in a chair directly across from us the entire
time he's in and out of this.
But when I finish the interview, Shapiro is the first one to get up and go, God, that
was great.
That was a great interview.
All right.
A couple of things happen real quick.
Yeah, I'm getting to the punch line.
You're doing fine.
In the middle of the interview, he says, did you see that show on PBS about the Jews and
the Broadway musicals?
How many Jews were involved in Broadway musicals?
I go ahead and see it.
He goes, I never knew there were so many Jews involved in Broadway musicals.
There's a whole list at the end.
You got to see it.
I'll show it to you after the interview.
I'm like, fine.
So we finish this fucking interview.
I talked to him for like an hour and 15 minutes and then he starts, he says, I'm going to
show you the thing.
He starts playing with remote controls to find the thing on the Tivo, right?
George Shapiro goes, is there ice cream?
All right.
Shapiro goes and he gets a box of ice cream sandwiches and he hands everyone an ice cream
sandwich.
So now, now we're eating ice cream sandwiches.
Carl is figuring out the Tivo.
I want to be Jewish.
I want to be 90.
So he finally figures the Tivo out and he starts the documentary at the beginning.
So now I'm sitting there with an ice cream sandwich and I'm going to have to sit here
for a fucking hour and watch the whole thing.
I mean, it's familiar to me, but it's also a little peculiar, right?
So we're watching that and I'm just sitting there and we're eating the ice cream.
And yeah, I'm like, yeah, George Gershwin and we're talking and then the phone rings
and I see Carl pick it up and I'm putting my shit away.
And he goes, hello?
Yes, it was great.
It went very well.
Yes.
And he holds the phone out and he looks at me and he goes, it's Mel.
So I pick up the phone.
I go, hello?
And all I hear is 80%, right?
The butler did it.
David Butler did it.
He did it in the butt.
And then I said to Carl, you know, I said, I said to Mel, I said, maybe 85.
And he goes, all right, maybe 85.
Put Carl back on the microphone.
So then on the microphone.
Yeah.
And then Carl hangs up the phone.
They talk about chicken for a few minutes.
They can't hear, so they have a microphone on the telephone.
I know.
I think he was just being cute.
So then I forget that, Mike.
I forget to ask him about the feathers.
What's the chicken feathers?
What are you and Mel?
What is that about?
He goes, all right.
You want to know?
Yeah.
And he points to the publicist who's on the couch.
He goes, oh, you got a pillow behind you?
Can you feel anything?
Just give me the pillow.
So this guy hands Carl the pillow.
And Carl is sitting down.
He puts the pillow on his lap and very delicately starts running his hand over this pillow like this.
And then he goes, ooh.
And he pulls a feather out of the pillow, right?
Like a down feather, you know?
And he puts it, and he very delicately puts it on the armrest.
And he says, I put these in a bag.
I've got a lot of them.
Yeah.
And he goes, I don't know what I'm going to do with them, but I got a lot of them.
And then he starts running his hand over the pillow again.
I go, what's this have to do with you sitting here for hours with Mel Brooks?
He goes, this is what we do.
Marc Maron, everybody.
That was a new cement called the full Jew.
Yeah.
The full Jew.
Hilarious.
A new segment.
We're going to bring Maron back every week and do the full Jew.
If he can stay in with these guys.
Are you kidding?
I could do that any night of the week.
So I think we got a sneak hint of it, but I did want to ask, is there anything specific
that you said Bob to Robin Williams on that set that resulted in me going, holy shit,
that guy's me instead of the guy from Hook instead of the guy from Mrs. Doubtfire.
Yeah.
I pulled him aside and I said, don't be so Jewish.
That's what I say to every actor.
Okay.
Okay, Bobby.
That's not how he talks.
He doesn't go.
Okay.
He goes.
He doesn't do anything.
Hey, good.
Yeah.
Stop it.
I'm not going to talk.
Don't be afraid.
I gotta stand up like this now.
Like this.
Nope.
Oh.
Both of you can fucking cram it.
Here's how it goes.
Uh-oh.
Dueling.
Dueling Williams.
That was wonderful.
Drop the mic.
Bob can't go through it, everybody.
Yeah.
That seems like a good exit for both of you.
Bobcat Goldwaite and Marc Maron came to Harmontown.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I smell like an onion.
No, you do too.
So awesome.
That was wonderful.
That was beautiful.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
Mr. Happy.
This isn't a cup.
It's a hat.
Don't be afraid.
Oh, so many people out there.
Oh, so I feel like my dick could fuck everybody.
Let's see.
I can't do it.
He's magic.
Can we get Spencer Crittenden into the stage, please?
Spencer.
Judgent master to the stars.
Storyteller extraordinaire.
He approaches the stage, clad in red flannel.
His beard is both inviting and repellent.
He is the master of all worlds, inhabitant of none.
Spencer, Creighton Dinsen, friend.
His name was improvised by Chevy Chase.
Spencer, Creighton Dinsen.
Spencer, welcome back to Los Angeles, man.
By the way, what a fucking asshole move that was.
Rewind, edit that out, say that again, and go.
Spencer, welcome back to Los Angeles.
You know what I love about cookies?
A booyah, booyah, everybody booyah.
A booyah, booyah rap, special booyah rap.
Got a booyah rap about the word booyah.
A booyah, booyah.
Do it again, do it again, do it again.
For real, I won't do it again.
Spencer, it's great to see you back in Los Angeles, man.
It's good to be back in Los Angeles.
What can I say?
Yeah.
Although, you're from, what, more parks in the valley?
Yeah, more park.
Jason to see me valley.
So you don't really call Los Angeles like a Hollywood home.
You're a visitor here more or less, aren't you?
I'm explaining it to people who don't live in Los Angeles.
I say I live outside of Los Angeles.
That's about it.
That's not even a joke.
That's my life.
That's no joke.
Yeah, man.
Wait, it's really staying Jewish up here.
It's fine.
That's good.
Spencer, they're good people.
They're chosen people.
Harmon said that he's learned nothing from this tour that we did.
Did you learn anything?
I learned, yeah, I learned that I'm apparently pretty great.
People like you.
I agree.
Yeah.
They like you just the way you are.
I kept telling them not to, but it didn't stop them.
You are a contrarian by nature.
You explained to me, you constantly try to offset the weight of whatever the universe
is dealing you kind of.
I'm paraphrasing you.
You disagree with things for the sake of it kind of because you find that that often is
needed.
Yeah.
It's like if there's too many people saying a thing, I'm like, well, they must be wrong.
Right.
They have to be.
Yeah.
I agree with that.
But the dilemma is the world saying they love you.
Yeah.
It gets complicated.
Because they're wrong.
On one hand, they must be in your view.
But on the other hand, they outnumber you.
Great.
Do you think that you made any like online or in person foes or enemies during this trip?
Did you ever actually piss anybody off or rub anybody the wrong way?
I don't.
I hope not.
I don't think so.
I tried my hardest not to do that.
Yeah.
Do you think you went on a journey?
You're probably familiar by now with my hacky story model.
Like you're a dungeon master.
You're a writer.
You're a storyteller.
Like, you know that I draw this circle and that I wrap all of it around it and follows
these eight steps.
It's all stolen from Joseph Campbell to field and stuff.
And like, did you see yourself?
Do you think that you went on a little journey?
I mean, I didn't go like placing myself around the wheel.
But yeah, it was definitely a journey.
I learned some stuff.
I returned to hopefully a better person.
What do you think changed about you?
It's different in your head.
I think that before, I was really afraid of social interaction.
But you know, when you're friggin' talking to like 30 people who are mostly wasted and
like a bar like 20 times, you know, in a row, that's the worst.
So everything else, anything else is...
That's as bad as it gets.
Yeah.
So like literally, I was coming home and I was like, my friends want to hang out.
And I was like, two people?
That's workable.
Yeah.
So...
I hear our $1,000 VIPs down here talking about their character sheets.
They're discussing D&D strategies.
We have two people...
Wait, for $1,000, you get up on stage and play D&D?
Yeah, that's fucking...
It's a real deal.
Spencer is a rock star.
Nobody would have paid $1,000 just to get up here.
Merin only did it because he wants to plug his IFC show, you know?
All right, yeah, the show Merin starts in May.
You know, by the way, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He didn't really do it to plug it.
I did see the pilot and I think he's got a straight shot at it.
And Bobcat, we didn't plug it.
We're not really a pluggy show, but Bobcat's new film is God Bless America, right?
Yeah, go check that out.
Also, shit, we should have talked to him about his Bigfoot movie, too.
You showed me...
You tried to show me the trailer for it after I abused my girlfriend and came to your hotel room
and you offered me your pizza and tried to show me your trailer on the shitty Wi-Fi at the hotel.
But anyways, just Google Bob Goldthwaite.
What's your...
Relax.
It's not...
It's that goddamn 50s.
Just go out there and consume his work.
Out there working for you.
Assholes, terrible people.
It's fitting that this place is called the Egyptian.
You're a bunch of tyrants, pharaohs.
This is the dark point of the show.
This is where it fits into the story circle.
This is the atonement.
Hate you.
Hate Jesus.
Hate my father.
I am my father.
Jesus is my father.
You in the podcast, I'm ripping open my shirt.
There's blood everywhere.
I'm bleeding out of my nipples.
I'm pissing into a jar.
There's a... there's a... there's a... a dreidel in it.
There's a bullwhip up my asses.
Now, oh, whoo! Resurrection.
Now we're back.
Let's have some fun.
Uh, you... you... you...
What was I... how was I derailing when you...
I got excited about something.
That's why I was derailing, you guys.
You came up and you sat down and then you're... goddammit.
He was just asking me how I was doing.
It's like... it wasn't a big deal.
I know, but I thought of something for some reason.
I thought of something so important, otherwise I wouldn't do that.
You said your story circle about him changing...
Anybody?
Chevy Chase.
You... you were about...
Oh, Chevy called me back. That's what all... that's what it was.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Wait, what the fuck?
Impeccable timing is off.
Adam Goldberg has just stormed the stage, ladies and gentlemen.
Wow.
Yeah, yeah.
To... to... to 3% applause, Adam.
More than I deserve.
This ain't Nerd Meltz.
This is a fucking... this is a theater full of adults.
I know these people... these people paid good money to be here
instead of their typical bad money.
But...
What brings you up here, Adam Goldberg?
Dan has come home having changed.
Huh?
Dan has changed and reached the apex of the story circle
because before we got derailed, he was doing an excellent interview with Spencer.
Oh, damn.
And that's it.
And you let me this.
Big red left a note that I didn't read.
But...
Does anybody have any idea what's fucking currently happening on this stage?
He gave him a thing.
Adam, we went away for a while and we all changed.
But apparently you're just gonna come storm the goddamn stage
and do some abstruse bullshit.
The thing about Adam Goldberg is this is something... this is a typical example.
Too much information per second.
Right?
He just returned my copy of The Master.
There's a note from Big Red.
Like if I had to...
Looking at it through Bob Goldway's eyes.
What the fuck is going on?
Right.
And what would I need to do to explain to Bob Goldway what is happening?
I would need to extrapolate...
I borrowed in my... lent him my Master DVD, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Then you get into who is Adam Goldberg.
Let's talk about Adam Goldberg.
Should we get Marc Maron up to the full Jew with Adam Goldberg right now?
Please?
I think Marin might have boned out.
If he hasn't, go run.
Yeah, get out of here, Marin. You got bigger fish to fry.
You are the Barbara Walters of everything.
The Goldberg, we met your brothers in Somerville in Massachusetts.
All right.
For those of you who are tuning in for the first time,
I can't imagine any of you would be coming here for the first time,
but Adam Goldberg is our hamburger.
He is that part of the mythology that strengthens the mythology
by his covetous desire for it.
Like Daffy Duck wants that pearl.
Mine, mine, mine.
And the clamshell slowly closes on him.
And your heart bleeds for him.
You love to hate him.
The hamburger, he loves hamburgers.
But he never gets the fruity pebbles.
He never gets the fruity pebbles because he's the hamburger.
If he got him, he wouldn't know what to do with him.
And Adam loves stage time.
So the people in Los Angeles who are trained to be restrained
because their starfucker muscle is strained, boom, boom, boom, boom.
No, go with that.
I want to know what the starfucker muscle is.
The people in Los Angeles, they know...
Starfucker.
Yeah.
When you live in LA, you learn if David Duchovny is behind you,
don't turn.
Don't look at him.
He's a living ghost.
So what?
He was on X-Files.
Who gives a fuck?
It's the coast.
You came out here to work and be creative.
So who the fuck cares if there's famous people?
Eat your potatoes.
That's the starfucker muscle is withered here.
Goldthwaite was applauding.
Now I'm obsessed with doing a show to Goldthwaite.
This is my theory about you, having been to Somerville.
And also looking on the forums where you proudly proclaim...
Most viewed thread.
Thread.
Everyone's like, I love out in Goldberg, electronically.
People in Los Angeles, pretty much, they roundly like...
They don't like you.
They don't want...
You're not a hero to them.
Because I took their hamburgers.
Because you took...
Because you...
Because there was a plate of hamburgers out.
Ronald put it out there.
There's a rainbow.
There's fries dancing around.
It's a magical world where supposedly anyone can have anything they want,
because there's no crime.
And then to you, to them, you represent the...
Yeah, it's like, oh shit.
And then I think they go, hey, I want to get up on stage too.
But I don't.
Fuck this guy.
That's what I think they think.
Wow.
Bullseye.
Bob Goldthwaite's back on stage, everybody.
I'm Mary McCheese.
Wait.
No, you're done.
What's happening?
You're done.
I'm retiring.
What's happening?
I'm retiring as a character from Harmontown.
Bob Goldthwaite just bounced Adam Goldberg off stage.
Thanks for coming.
That was great.
Is he banged?
Bounced him.
Bob Goldthwaite.
World's most famous bouncer.
Boy, can you come every Monday to meltdown?
That was like the best.
How was the master?
It was, for the first 20 minutes of that movie, I couldn't wait for it to be over so I could
go tell everyone I just saw the best movie of my life.
And then for the last 80 to 600 minutes of it, I was like, okay.
I'm kind of riding this porpoise to the bottom of the ocean.
Ocean depth in that metaphor is movie quality.
And porpoises are deep-seeing animals.
Or not.
Look, hey, I'm not a metaphorologist.
I'm just a guy that wandered into a fucking movie.
But Joaquin Phoenix, what's his name?
Fake Jack Black.
Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Amazing.
I mean, see the movie for Jesus Christ.
Some actors.
Holy shit.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Jesus fucking Christ, chef.
Take it easy.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Joaquin Phoenix.
I'm fucking good.
Let's meet our $1,000 D&D people, shall we?
Wait.
We got another guest.
We do.
Dude, his ball got cancer.
He just came out of radiation.
David Blaine, everybody.
Welcome, David Blaine, to the stage.
Now, who is it?
It's our very good friends, my podcast buddy.
The ratio of how much time I've spent with him to how much I love him is more concentrated
than any human being I know.
Get jealous.
Feel the jealousy.
Embrace the jealousy.
When you watch me make mad verbal love to Duncan Tressel.
Yeah.
Duncan Tressel.
Gonna have a drunken Tressel with Duncan Tressel.
My name is Russell.
Russell.
Russell Simmons is gonna give it.
Little Gibbons got a cancer in the ball.
Gonna talk about it.
Got some radiation, radiation, radiation.
Just got out of radiation for his nut.
Hello, Duncan.
Hi.
Duncan Tressel, everybody.
Hey, buddy.
Hi.
Hey.
Good to see you.
Man, you're a good rapper.
Thank you, buddy.
Hi.
Duncan has an amazing podcast that everyone should listen to.
I was a guest on it.
I listened to that episode.
And loved it.
And loved you.
We had a big talk about robots and the future of sperm.
Oh, yeah, man.
We got into the singularity.
And we really hit, you know, that wall you hit sometimes where you run out of words.
And you're just sort of stumbling around.
That's my favorite place to get to.
We definitely got there.
It's a place called Love.
I love you.
And we vowed to be best friends on that podcast, but we don't really hang out.
But, you know, you locked yourself in the bathroom and I came over.
Oh, yeah, you saved me.
That's right.
I forgot.
That was such a humiliating, but awesome moment.
I did what I could.
I locked myself in my bathroom at my house.
I was taking a dump.
Forgive me for saying that.
And I, uh, I live in this old house and it just, the door just locked.
It's just like Amadeville horror style locked.
And it's the mid, it's summer.
It was summer and it was so hot in there.
And I started hearing the narrator from those death shows in my head.
Like, he didn't realize this would be the last dump he ever took in his life.
They found him two weeks later.
Calling out the window to neighbors.
Yeah, that's how I ended up.
That's the really say when you're locked in your bathroom, what do you call out of the window?
Do you say help?
Or is that too much?
I would go, that's too much.
I don't want to think I'm on fire.
I'll live.
I'm alone.
I live alone and I'm alone.
This is, this is something that happens to geriatrics.
It's like, that's an elderly death.
That's where the cat chews your face off style.
I'm 12 years older than my girlfriend.
And we were, we saw a billboard for the, for the life alert thing.
And by the way, their slogan is I've fallen and I can't get up and it's trademarked now.
Which is like a weird thing because that's a person dying.
We know that's, that's a famous saying from your thing, but it's not like where's the beef?
It's like I've fallen and I can't get up.
That's not, I've fallen.
I'm dying.
You're trademarking the most common thing you hear if you're a 911 dispatcher.
Yeah, like, I don't know.
I don't know what's funny about it.
I know it's just funny.
It's like the opposite of trademarking the birthday song.
But we started joking about how I should get one of those because I'm 12 years older than her.
And then the joke turned into sincere.
It's good if you got one that might help.
Those commercials are so existentially horrifying.
There's a line in one of those commercials.
This old lady says, I live alone and I don't get many visitors.
It's like the worst, worst way to end up.
Well, we're born into these bodies and then we're like, like a whole,
so you use a brain and then there's the puppet and the puppets made of meat.
And then there's maybe a God or maybe there isn't somewhere in between.
No idea what's going to happen when we die.
We just know that it's going to be a drag when we do.
It's not going to be fun.
No one ever has fun when they die.
Nobody.
Oh, I know Steve Job said, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, or whatever.
But I think he was like, oh, whoa, this hurts.
Like, or wow.
We don't, I don't think, I think, I don't think death is that bad a thing at all.
That's what I'm fishing for.
My recent running with cancer made me think that it's, it's not.
Well, for one, the one thing you realize is that this is not new terrain.
Like you realize there's this well worn path into oblivion that they've worked out for us already.
Like other humans or humans.
Yeah, like just the medical system.
I mean, dying is so good these days.
The drugs are so good.
The narcotics are incredible.
You're going to, Steve Job said, wow, wow, wow.
Because he was on Dilaudid and narcotics.
And then maybe he saw God or something.
But there's this thing Ramadan says, which I've thought about a lot.
Which he says, dying is safe.
And it's, it is, it's like the very safe thing.
It's the most normal thing that can happen outside of being born.
That is true because like rocks are dead.
They're everywhere.
Like aluminum is dead.
It's the most abundant element in the Earth's crust.
It's like no big deal to be dead.
Yeah, it isn't a big, it isn't a big deal.
It's a, I mean, thank goodness we.
It's as easy as falling off a log in a very specific angle that will, that snaps your neck.
It's preferable to living forever.
Yeah, probably.
Because forever would be, yeah.
There is no, I mean, it's one of those things that like, like we always, you know,
everybody in this room is at least 25 or whatever they've all been down this road of like,
okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, because you're a human being.
So if life wasn't scarce, then it wouldn't be valuable.
You wouldn't enjoy it and all that stuff.
But it's like, it's one of those things like what your mom says,
oh, those guys that beat you up shouldn't be your friends anyway.
Like, like you, you hear it, but hearing it and understanding it are separate
from like realizing it in your heart.
Yes.
Like really getting it.
Like, like, like that whole concept of like, well, you're alive and you're going to die
and, and it sucks that you're going to die.
But because it sucks that you're going to die, your life is valuable.
Otherwise it wouldn't be because you'd just be hanging out.
Like you'd just be like Highlander, like, like fucking around.
The sun's going to supernova.
You're going to be floating through the void of space screaming for infinity,
like one of those probes.
Well, if you're immortal, so does that cat, so that you would do the sun would supernova
and you'd just be a dude floating around?
Where are you going to stand?
I don't know.
So you just speak.
Our son would read giant first and envelop us.
We'd all, we'd all cook.
You'd have to be on a ship.
I'm assuming you're immortal and you have like your skin doesn't burn.
Right, it doesn't burn.
So I'm just imagining.
So you're just hanging out.
You're just, it's the ultimate horror would be to be immortal.
And then you just, hey, you're just standing in space like Space Ghost.
Yeah.
Like waiting for, all right.
And then you start walking like in Minecraft.
Like it's just no end, like you just like, I don't know when I'm ever going to find
another planet.
And then when you do, everyone's like, Hey, who are you?
And you're like, my name's Ted and I can't die.
And they're like, fuck you.
No, you don't say, you don't say anything when you run.
You open an antique store.
After six.
And you wear a trench coat.
You walk around New York being bitter.
They start a religion about you.
You become a shitty deity.
And you'd be over it.
You'd hate it.
Yeah.
Like everything would be, yeah, nothing would be exciting.
You'd never be able to love anyone.
Well, this is Alan Watts idea where he says, if you live forever, you would try everything
that you could try till eventually, if you were God, you'd be like, oh, I wonder what
it's like to be mortal.
And that's when you pop into this body and become Dan Harmon.
Huh.
Or Highlander.
But that is the, that's the idea is that, that we're sort of like the way we have to
sleep or we'll go crazy in the same way, like we're what happens when God falls asleep.
We think that we're impermanent mortal beings because the state of pure immortality for
eternity, there's nothing more horrifying and claustrophobic.
So we're kind of what happens when God has a nervous breakdown and shatters into an infinite
number of nodes of consciousness.
Yeah.
And in the beginning there was nothing and then nothing is fucking dumb and has forever
to be something.
Yes.
So it did because otherwise it would have gone nuts and what, and did.
It did.
So it's split into Duncan Trussell and Dan Harmon and Spencer and Jeff and maybe a little
bit of Adam Goldberg.
And it just like looks, we just look at ourselves.
It's just God like rubbing himself in a mirror.
Yeah.
It looked good in the sailor outfit.
Oh yeah.
Like every person's a little finger and like, yeah.
But then the merciful Bob Goldthwaite of eternity comes and just shoes you off into nothing
this again.
I'm afraid he's going to bounce me.
Me too.
I never knew the mayor of McCheese had like, I never thought of him as a mayor.
It really is.
He has power.
Give me something to get.
Ronald, Ronald, Ronald's in charge.
No.
Fucking Mayor McCheese.
There's a mayor.
Ronald's a clown.
People need to look into this.
Ronald's a fucking clown.
He's like a tool of the state.
Mayor McCheese is like, he barely says anything.
I got shit to do.
He's like Dick Cheney.
He's sitting back on.
I don't want to be president.
I don't give a fuck.
I got a big dick and a fucking missile for a heart.
Talk about your balls.
Talk a little bit about like everyone in this room or at least half of us are at risk of
testicular cancer.
Is that the specific?
Was that what you got?
Yes.
I got testicular cancer.
It's called.
How did you find out?
What is that?
Testicular cancer.
I don't know.
It's going to be a good time in the Egyptian.
Talking about the cancer in your bones.
It's going to claim us all.
If it's not your prostate, it'll be your nuts.
Fellas.
It's going to claim us all.
If it's not your prostate, it'll be your nuts.
Fellas.
I'm sorry, Duncan.
That was not fair.
No, that was awesome.
I just thought you could talk about your balls.
We've put on some sexy music.
How do you find out?
Well.
They tell you to check in the shower.
I never know what that means.
No, you know, this is the funny thing.
I check in the shower every time I go to the shower.
I don't know that I'm doing it.
I'm just doing it.
That was so stupid.
Are you just saying I'm jerking off in the shower?
I jerk off in the shower a lot.
You jerk off, you don't rub your balls.
Yes.
Squeeze them like plate out.
I do.
No one does that.
You don't know that.
I love rubbing my, squeezing my balls.
I'm getting such a heart of squeezing my balls.
Anyways.
Can you come from rubbing your balls?
Yes.
No, I can't.
Yes, you can.
I think it would take like eight years.
You know, just watching like Shakespeare in love and kind of just such a slow build.
You have to have an imagination.
If you were immortal floating through space forever, how many times do you think you'd jerk off?
You just jerk off all the time, right?
Yeah.
Like that's all you do.
You'd like fuck Nebulae.
Like rub cosmic dust on your nipples.
Cancer.
So how do you find out?
Do you, do you feel a pain?
Do you feel a lump?
Do you know one of your balls just gets really big.
It's not every like got like a lot of a concern that people have expressed behind it is just
this terror.
And then they're like, now, how did you know what was it like?
Because, you know, balls are weird anyway.
So it's hard to tell if your balls are okay, no matter what, because they're always wrong.
Yeah.
What, yeah.
What have they ever done that looks normal?
Have you ever laid in bed and watched them like fucking move around?
It's terrible.
Adjust to the temperature.
This happens to everyone, right?
Are my balls a snail?
This is amazing.
They're just moving like lava.
This one goes out to the ladies in the house.
Balls move.
You better get used to it.
You think it's fun and games to play with them, but there's a lot more to them.
They're pretty gross and weird.
So yeah, they're weird, and then they dangle, and then they don't dangle, and then they
ones lower and ones higher.
And always I'm afraid they go like, the doctors go like, hey, check your balls when you're
in the shower, just squeeze them around.
Like when you went to college, there were stickers on the shower stall, like showing
like diagrams.
I'm not going to do that to my balls.
Me either.
Like fucking squeeze them.
They wanted you to squeeze them like a thing from a discovery store.
I'm trying to get in there.
That's great.
I don't have cancer, but I fucking mangled my...
I'm holding my balls out of protection.
Talking about it.
It was no mystery for me.
It was like one of my balls was big.
It was like, this is definitely...
And when you touched it, did it hurt?
It didn't hurt.
It was just, it was, it was weighty.
It was like kind of cool.
It was like, ah, look at this big ball.
But you thought, when did your mind, did your mind immediately go, okay...
My mind is always going to like, ah, this is what kills me.
So I immediately was like, oh, this is probably what kills you.
And then I Google searched, you know, the symptoms and everything's cancer, cancer, cancer.
And then I went to the doctor and the doctor's like, yeah, this is cancer.
You got cancer.
Did you Google on a Friday?
It always happens to me like, I'll get a lump on my neck or something.
And then I'll Google lump on neck cancer.
Lo and behold.
Number one hit.
Lump on neck could mean you have cancer.
And I'm like, oh shit, it's Friday.
It's eight o'clock.
I'll just sit here for the weekend with cancer.
Cancer eraser on my neck.
And then on Monday it falls off.
I'm like, oh, I'm Polish.
This is a fucking skin tag.
I'm a gross fucking Shrek.
Just have shit growing on me.
Ben Grimm.
What are, what is that?
What are skin tags?
That's a Polish thing.
They call them Polish moles.
You get skin tags.
Wait, what?
Skin tags.
No shit?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like random shit.
Like polyps.
It's a Polish thing.
Wow.
It's kind of like a polyp, yeah.
Hey guys.
Hey.
Oh, hey Spencer.
I went to do Spencer's theme so you could do like, like.
Spencer, I'm being attacked by a, a growth, a skin tag.
Climbing feverishly at your neck, you try to remove the odd skin tab.
A small square, maybe rounded oval, oddly colored flesh popping out of the side of your neck.
Are you dying?
Probably not, but it's weird.
Nice.
It fails to save versus your shirt collar over a weekend of drinking and then just falls
off.
People tell you not to pick it because it might give you cancer.
Are you all McLeer now, Duncan?
Statistically, I'm in the 95, 90 to, well, it's like between 90, there's a 10% chance
I'm still fucked, basically.
What does still fuck mean that it goes to the other ball?
Well, no.
The cool thing about testicular cancer and.
The coolest thing.
It's a very lazy week.
It's like cancer with its baseball cap on backwards cancer.
It's like a, it's like.
It's cancer that shows your balls.
Yeah, yeah.
Not ambitious enough for your brain or your pancreas.
It's a chest bumping mall shopping universal city walk kind of cancer.
Exactly.
It'll broaden itself when Quentin Tarantino makes it.
I don't know what kind of cancer you got left.
I'll take the balls, man.
Pick ball cancer if you get to pick.
Pick ball cancer because it's the most curable kind, which is why everybody says.
Check your balls because it's, if you catch it in time.
When Lance Armstrong caught it, he was coughing up blood.
One of his balls was the size of an orange.
He just ignored it.
He ignored it because he was riding his bike and he was jacked up on awesome weird sports drugs and like fuck it.
And he was like, I'm sure something I did has, you know, yeah.
I ride a bike for a living.
That has to be related to that.
But it had gone into his brain and they still cured it, which is why everyone says check, check.
Because if you, if you catch it at the right time, like when I caught it, there's like a 95% cure rate with it.
So it's guys, all the guys stand up and reach over, put your right hand out and reach over to your neighbor.
We're going to do it.
We're going to save your neighbor's life.
Ball check.
Everybody.
Yes.
Do do what the man next to you refuses to do for himself.
Just get in there and like a key chain, like pretend you're locking your car.
That's what they want you to do.
Save a Armenian.
Fucking cancer.
Fuck cancer.
Yeah.
I'm not taking a risky stance here.
Well, no, if you, I read this incredible thing that cancer, they think is like a primordial version of us or something like from way, way, way back.
In the distant.
I don't know.
Like I just, because cancer is a, as a stutterer, it's a society cancer is a, is a cell that goes insane.
Yeah.
It doesn't, doesn't play on the same team as it's.
It's Occupy Wall Street in your boss.
It doesn't.
It, it, it, it forgets that it's a part of a bone.
Yeah.
And just goes, I'm going to try something new.
I'm just me.
I'm Bane.
Yeah.
The city of bone is now free.
And it just, it's just a bone and then it just, yeah.
And I guess that would be probably the precursor of like, you know, multicellular life because tissue is cells knowing how to play on a team.
And before that we were unicellular organisms who just multiplied at all costs.
So it is kind of ironic that like, all this years later, these biological weapons called humanity, like, like fucking giant brains that have turned wolves into chihuahuas and giraffes into curiosities and fire into, you know, just more fire.
But I could go on and on.
We, we, we, we, yeah, it was like, I was, I mean, in your nuts, like one little, like, like this thing from the year six billion trillion BC goes like, surprise inward.
Yeah.
Remember your roots, motherfucker.
It's very strange.
Yeah.
It's a very, it's a very strange disease.
And it's very different.
Every, every different, every type is like so different that some of them should maybe have different names, which is why some respond to different types of chemo.
This type that I have responds really well to radiation, which fucking sucks.
So I don't want to, I mean, but I want to follow through this line because, okay, so you had, did you have the thing removed?
I had to get my, I mean, they, that, the doctor was so eager to chop off my balls.
Once he found out I had it, he's like, we should do this on Tuesday.
I went in.
We should do this every week.
For two weeks.
We should have Bob Goldway come out.
Yeah. So, so yeah, they immediately, they just go, fuck that, get that, get that out.
Yeah.
We got to get that in.
You just came here tonight from radiation.
Well, not, no, right.
My radiation ended on, on Friday, but I'm, I'm still super tired from it.
Radiation is crazy.
It's the most absurd, insane.
I felt like I was in a Fellini movie because they put you in this like, because they want you to feel safe.
They designed the radiation machine to look kind of sleek, like a Mercedes or something.
It looks like really fancy, but it also looks like a transformer.
It's like this living weird thing with arms that you have to lay in and they put this steel cup over your balls.
And you have to like, push your cock into the steel cup and you're laying in this most vulnerable way.
And they fucking play Celine Dion.
No.
Yes.
It's like Jacob's ladder level hell that's happening.
You're in some kind of hell dimension.
They build all that shit and they can't ask you what you want to hear.
Well, finally, eventually I got them to play what I wanted to, but the first time you're just so horrified.
That's actually the radiation. They shoot cold play.
The cancer in your balls is like, I'm out of here.
I heard there's a corn concert in his lungs.
Sworing break is over, man. Cold play showed up. Too fucking, too thoughtful. Not enough rape.
Cold.
Yeah, every once in a while I'll just throw in the word rape to get your reaction.
Can I ask what you actually, when you took control of the playlist, what did you...
Sitar music.
Okay, like Ravi Shankar?
Yes, exactly. Yeah, that's what I had.
But it didn't work, though. Nothing works. There's no good music for radiation.
It just relaxes you, yeah.
Not at all. You're still in a machine and you're like, these things are spinning around you.
I think that's why they probably give you Celine Dion. You didn't like her anyway.
We don't want to ruin your favorite band, Tori.
Yes, exactly.
We're not going anywhere like if Tori Amos is playing it.
Okay, well, that's it for this album.
Whether I make it through or not.
You don't get the kinks in there. You get Celine Dion.
Your favorite song is just scratched off your life forever.
It's like when you get food...
I got food poisoning and had a falafel. Falafels were off the list for a long time.
Yeah, yeah, I can't drink gin.
Don't take the kinks into your testicle or radiation.
No, don't.
And other life lessons.
Well, thank God you're okay.
Thanks.
But they're going to tell you later...
I'm sure it's all...
You know, one of my friends said when I told him there's a 95% chance that I'm cured.
He said, oh, well, that just means there's a 95% chance you're going to die of something else.
Actually, Mel Brooks just called. He gave you 80% chance.
That was...Sony told me when community got picked up for its second season, they said, congratulations.
Now if you get canceled, you've wasted twice as much money.
Yuck.
They're a good company.
They bring good things to slow death.
But not to equate your balls with Sony or anything.
So all right, well, I don't know. God damn it.
So it's all a big haze. The doctors are going to let you know in the coming weeks.
Well, no, I mean, I get to look forward to CT scans like three times a year for the next four years.
So just to make sure it hasn't spread.
It sounds terrible, man, but like really once you get like the water thrown in your face, it's not bad at all.
They kind of imagine it would recalibrate your life in a way that makes telling your landlord to fuck off easier.
So easy, man. But we're all in the exact same boat.
It's just I happen to get like a first hand glimpse of mortality.
Everyone should not be afraid of telling their landlord to fuck off.
You know, you end up going deep into clich land when you have cancer.
Everyone that's well dying is like this well trod path.
Everyone goes down. So the thing where they're like, man, I really like appreciate life now and like I'm so happy to be alive.
All that stuff really happens, but you don't need cancer to be happy about your life.
You just need Celine Dion.
Thank you.
I'm out the back of it.
Fuck your mama so hard, she started to piss into a cup and I drank that shit.
And then I rubbed it on my face in her tits and then I put my little wiener in between those things.
And I said, fuck you, I'm going to make you sing.
She said, I'm your mama.
Don't be jealous of him. You can see how much I love him.
I know. The first time you met him, you had this giant kind of.
I'm sure that happens to everybody. I actually have been told that happens to everybody and I get pissed at them.
Fuck you. It's not special.
I met Duncan at a barb very briefly and said hello and I loved him. He's a lovable guy.
What are we doing? Let's get out of here. Go hang out with Duncan Tressel.
Until he plays some D&D though.
Let's bring up our guests.
VIP guests that supported this show and achieved the top tier prize of playing D&D with us.
Let's bring them up right now.
The guys come up. It's Sean. One of them is our old friend Sean Sakame, a.k.a. Snap the Jab.
The most offensive Twitter name in the world.
Because apparently he's half Japanese, but he doesn't look Japanese enough to have the name Snap the Jab on Twitter.
Yes, so Sean Sakame and Roy McClurk, everybody, the $1,000 donators. Holy shit.
Discretionary money and no idea what to do with it.
Roy, let's get these guys mic'd up.
I got one on the floor.
Also, I suppose, let's meet these two before we bring Aaron up. How about that?
Yeah.
Sean, you've been a very original, like, longtime Harmontown fan.
Come forward. Step to the edge of the stage so folks can see you.
Sean is like the Morgan, wait, what's the name of, well, I was going to say Morgan Freeman,
but his character is Lucius Fox in the Batman universe of Harmontown.
There's always like a bottle of vodka backstage at the nerd melts from Sean.
Well, I mean, you give so much. It's only fair to get back.
Thank you, Sean.
Thank you.
And Roy, how do you come to us?
I flew here from Dallas today.
Lucius?
Yeah. We're, my wife and I, my wife, who is at the hotel right now.
Oh, she does not like the show.
I explained the show to her and she was a little taken aback by the fact that we're going to play D&D and talk about dicks and stuff.
And it cost a thousand dollars.
Yeah.
Maybe you oversold it.
A little bit. A little bit.
Did she ever listen to it?
I made her listen to one of them.
Which one?
It doesn't matter.
Pittsburgh, you know.
Pittsburgh.
Oh, she didn't like that. There was raw emotion there.
No, she liked that part.
But she didn't think it would happen tonight.
All right.
She just, all right.
No, she said it does not, you know.
What's your name?
Penny.
Penny, give me a beat.
Yeah, please, please.
Awesome.
That was angry or the normal, Dan?
That was angry.
That was misogyny factor nine.
I don't like it. You know, yeah.
Did you take my drink?
I may have, yeah.
I had a drink.
I'm sorry.
I did warn her about that.
About Dan rap fucking her?
Yes.
How are we doing on time?
Apparently she was good with it.
Do we have to be out here by a specific time?
Yeah.
The, uh, the master is playing, uh, 9 30s.
All right.
Okay.
Have a seat.
Let's bring Erin McGathy to the stage as well.
Erin McGathy.
You said Roy.
It's Roy, right?
Yeah.
You said you were in town for the Grammys, right?
Yes, sir.
What, what, why?
What was it?
Because my wife, who's not here.
Bid on a big auction item last year to go to the Grammys.
It was just like a, he's describing heaven.
Hello.
Like, like just, so she's not, uh.
She's asleep.
She bid on an auction item that resulted in her, like, like she,
it's a kind of want to contest or like an auction item, like for a charity.
Yeah, for a charity.
Like, like, like for a Grammy, Grammy Foundation.
One, one, two, thank you.
Check, walk two.
So then you get to go to the Grammys, do you get good seats or do they,
do they sit in the back?
I think we have good seats.
I think.
I'm not sure.
Hey guys.
Hello, Aaron.
Aaron.
I, uh, I, I wanted, you, you were, you were talking to Bob earlier about our fight
and the, uh, hotel room.
And, uh, first of all, such a huge fan of yours would have,
it was so excited when, when you were in Atlanta and really wanted to meet you
and miss you because I was doing merchandise.
And then Dan and I got in this terrible fight, which we talked about the fight that we
described.
Now our fights are like little babies that we created along the road.
The fight that we described at the Arlington podcast, which led to Pittsburgh was that
fight.
And Dan, uh, said a lot of things to me and left the room.
Shaking and crying.
And then I got a text from him that was like, Hey, I'm hanging out with, uh, with, with
Bob, uh, both way across the street or across the, the hall.
Yeah.
And I wanted to go so badly, but I looked like, uh, an octopus that had been running,
run over.
It was covered in tears and a big mess.
That's what I do.
That's how I abuse you.
You're a big piece of shit.
Hey, Richard Dawson.
What's up?
I wish you were here.
I'm also embarrassed that you, that you heard our fight.
I don't know.
Like, I wonder what he heard.
I mean, this was our fight that we had about, um, me offering you a ride and a van and you
getting upset about that.
So a lot of, a lot of van talk.
I just do a lot of that.
You're welcome that I brought you on the tour talk.
Right.
Well, something, because the cycle that you and I get into is when like you feel disrespected
by me and then you go, uh, oh, uh, you, you.
Pittsburgh too.
You don't appreciate me.
And then I go, I don't appreciate you.
Well, guess what?
Guess what?
Fuck you.
I've appreciated you so much.
You don't even know.
We have a lot of fun.
You guys, you have to make it.
I let you breathe at night.
I don't strangle you to death.
You're welcome.
Your throat's just sitting there.
You won the lottery with me.
An animal would kill you.
I mean, for, for all your talk of you being an abusive boyfriend, uh, we really are, uh,
best friends and I'm a crazy person.
I'm not a, you know, it's, it's, it's fine.
I'm saying this to Bob, uh, best friends.
This feels terrible.
Bob is strangling, Bob is actually strangling his wife over here.
Can we, can we get a spotlight over here?
I feel, I feel so bad because I have a, I have a podcast about relationships and I get on
my high horse frequently about what's healthy and what's not.
And, and, yeah.
Do you, uh, do you still want to move in with me?
Yes.
All right.
Let's, let's move in together.
We did it.
Wow.
We created a story.
Don't you guys already live together though?
Basically.
You, you've been to her apartment one time, right?
I've been, yeah.
Literally he slept over one time.
Yeah.
That's, that's hard.
Also guys, we have a big announcement.
We are getting a puppy.
All right.
Gross in the mouth.
Also, I cut myself.
I just, I carved Dan into my thighs.
When you laugh, it makes me think that you kind of think that that could be true, but
it's not, not remotely, not remotely.
All right.
Spencer, you got, did you give characters to, wait, you guys, wait.
I gave characters.
Yeah.
Come back here.
No, no, no, no.
No, no.
Roy, sit on me.
No, you guys got to sit.
What?
You guys.
You got to stop the stage.
Exactly.
Like the second level mage that you are.
Sit like the gods you are at the Egyptian.
All right.
So Spencer, you have a tall task in front of you now.
You've got two more characters in the stage.
That's cool.
If you don't mind, bring us up to date on our campaign.
Are you going to music?
Not if you're going to be a dick about it.
Okay.
I have the volume down.
I'm sorry.
Not possible.
All right.
Do you want me to distribute the sheets first or at the same time as talking?
I got it, man.
All right.
Well, that one's yours, man.
Do you need anything?
These are, this is your new spell list.
That's yours.
We have our sheets.
Yeah.
This is the adventure.
This is great podcast talk.
Looks like in the end we're going to fight a war.
Well, you can't read.
It doesn't say that.
All right, Spencer, take it away.
On the last episode, our heroes had been trapped within the deep and mystical magical
infinifish for what seemed like an eternity.
Sorry.
Mystical.
What?
Mystical chasms.
Who can't read now?
This guy.
Right here.
Who's got a tourney side of die?
I can't read.
I can't do math either.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
This is my musical cue this time.
No, you still got it.
After meeting with a village of fish-willing humans and a master swordsman named Vellicent,
our heroes found and destroyed various organs in a quest to escape their living prison.
Slipping down a slippery fight, they found a magical tome before coming on to the beast's
great hearts.
After a long fight, the gang was on the ropes.
Just when they thought all hope was lost, a long lost ally reappeared.
Tylenol with Cody.
With the aid of the mystical unicorn, the party was able to destroy the beast's heart.
They defeated the great beast fell out in the sky, crashing to earth.
With a catastrophic crash, a catastrophic crash, and a sickening splat, you feel yourself being
plugged into the wall and all the flesh in the chamber compulses, expanding and trapping
you within its great form.
You feel your bodies being squeezed, compressed, crushed, grabbed by feedback.
And the squelch of liquefying tissues.
Its side bursts open and your party is squirted out in a bolus of fleshy bits, slimy fluids,
and bloody chunks.
Land unceremoniously in a heap.
Spencer!
Yep.
You were only three seconds over, but that was my fault.
That was my fault.
Yep.
That was some real dungeon mastering.
So are we on the ground?
You're on the ground in a big pile of each other, and you're swimming in fish fluids.
There's gross sand.
I don't know.
Oh, more rain.
Wow.
You have viscera in your hair.
Oh, it's embarrassing.
Hey, why don't you guys move in together and get a puppy?
Maybe one day we will, little man, when we've finished our journeys and settled down.
But what are we really questing for?
We've been doing this for so long.
What is it that we're really going after?
We got swallowed by the Infinifits.
I know.
And then that way, latest from the task of going to rescue my father, I think.
Yeah.
So can we still rescue your father, Sharpie?
We could.
I mean, I've never liked him, but I've always wanted his approval.
I feel like I got that, so we could let him die.
Yeah, you guys found closure there, I think?
My fathers are only good for approval after that, like what are they doing?
Their job is done when they come, right?
In the most technical terms.
They're not mothers, they don't nurse you.
My father taught me how to wear a breastplate and swing a sword.
Well, maybe we should go hang out with him.
Yeah, I care about him, I guess.
Well, why don't we explore our surroundings?
You explore your surroundings.
I should say, after defeating the Great Infinifits, you feel wiser and stronger as a result.
What?
Oh, shit.
You level up.
Level up!
5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5...
But he's here, but he stayed and he's not going away!
He might soon.
And now he called him out on his fill obligated, please feel obligated.
So are we level three now, Spencer?
You're level four at this point.
Poor, holy smoke.
That is crazy.
Yeah, man.
Don't we have an animal yet?
As it happens, at level four you gain an animal companion?
Yes, please.
What kind of companion do you want?
Oh, I didn't know I had to choose.
God, I don't want to be Meg Ryan,
but what are my options?
You mean just a couple seconds here.
When Harry met Sally, it doesn't really work
because she was just refining her order.
I'm sorry.
She's famous for option exploration.
I don't have what she's having.
She's very particular.
Is there a fox?
I'm going to shoot off some animals.
Badger, camel, dire rat, dog, riding dog,
eagle, hawk, horse, owl, pony, snake, wolf.
I'm a woman, horse.
Okay, horse?
Horse, so I can ride the horse.
A horse trots up to you out of nowhere.
What color is it?
What color do you want it to be?
Your animal companion.
Really, shit.
It's brown.
There you go.
It approaches you with a knowing look in its eye.
It seems to say...
My name is Coco.
Let's companionate.
And that too.
She can say it all.
Oh, hi, Coco.
We nuzzle.
You nuzzle.
I'm so happy.
You can leave me here in this viscera.
I'm done.
This guy is this world is tinged with purple
and swaying orbs of orange light
that seem far off, bob and weave,
slightly in the twilight expanse of the sky.
Large trees cover all you can see
aside from the massive bulk of the affina fish
whose body is decimated a wide swath of trees
that it must have fell upon.
The body of the fish stretches upwards
about 20 feet higher than even the tallest of the trees.
The split in its side is massive
and seems to be a mortal wound.
The body is iridescent and blotchy,
and it seems more like an eel than a true fish.
You can see the occasional twitcher
stir ripple across its mass.
The body stretches onward in both directions.
What's happening? What am I not seeing?
As far as you can see,
and almost certainly firing,
this wilderness landscape is very foreign to you
and must be on another planet or plane
or something along those lines.
From far off, you can hear the occasional roar
and screech of beasts,
but then you hear shouting from far off
and the sounds of branches and twigs breaking.
Two people are approaching quickly.
Two people.
Who goes there?
I have sharpie Buttsalot.
I'm done talking.
I'm Mulraine Sedona.
I have arrows, and I shoot them.
They might be friends.
That's true.
But we're playing this game of presenting ourselves.
Oh, you weren't shooting the arrows at them.
No, no, I was just saying I have arrows.
That was a brief introduction.
What the hell did you do to our infinifish?
You killed our infinifish!
That was our infinifish!
Oh, shit!
We've raised him since he was a finifish.
Since he was a finifish.
Done talking, babe?
We were stuck inside him,
and we couldn't get out.
Wait, this is your infinifish?
Not a your infinifish,
but an infinifish.
You raised the infinifish.
Your infinifish was swallowing people.
Yeah, but we were stuck where we are now,
and that's the only way we could get out.
We were transported to a place by a wizard
who ended up dying and left us here.
The infinifish was our only way out.
Who are you? What are you?
I'm a rogue.
Did you guys come up with names?
I got your names right here.
The pair introduces themselves.
The larger one is a half orc,
perhaps wearing heavy armor.
Definitely wearing heavy armor.
Sean pointed at Roy when he said the larger one.
Yeah, he's the half orc.
We determined it randomly.
With a dice roll.
Sean is the half orc.
Yeah, a half orc battle cleric
by the name of Slab Squatthrust.
Wait, that's Roy or Sean?
That's Roy.
Sean goes by the name of Stumpjunkman.
Stumpjunkman.
Also a star of Gonzo porn.
It's a Mystery Science Theater 3,000 reference.
Alright.
I apologize.
Well, you guys are standing.
Wait, so you guys raised a giant
people devouring fish
to get off of this planet?
Or their liars.
Because there were people inside that fish
that were stuck there forever.
I think they might have been improvising.
We didn't care about them.
Our fish was the only way
that we could get out from where we were.
It's unfortunate that it swallowed you.
I do apologize for that.
But defend yourselves. You killed our fish.
They're going to fight us!
Combat!
I have arrows!
Gentlemen, gentlemen, please.
I'm a coward.
I have gotten this far
avoiding
all harm.
Don't sell yourself short.
Over the course of this journey, you have changed.
You've become stronger.
And don't you have a hawk?
Hawk!
Attack their faces!
No, no, I'm kidding.
I think that they're
wanting to attack us.
They're bad.
You guys want to attack?
I'm saying to them,
let's not fight.
Ask them.
Audience, do you want something to happen?
I command.
You like us.
We like you?
Oh, yeah. Casting his arms
about in a magical manner.
He casts the spell command while uttering the command
like.
Pick a target, Roy.
That's one of them threes.
Thank you.
Pick a target.
Cast it on
Sharpie.
Sharpie, you feel compelled to like this person.
I mean, I already did.
Which is weird, because he's the one that wants to attack you.
I don't want to attack!
There you go. He's liking you.
How does that make you feel?
Probably liked.
This guy's alright.
Gentlemen,
are you wishing to destroy us?
I'm sorry
that we're talking about this for so long.
Maybe we got off on the wrong foot.
So you like us?
I'm still unclear.
I'm a rope scoundrel.
So if you like my friend
by proxy, I like you.
Alright.
What's
anything fun to do on this planet?
You guys have a camp nearby
that you've been staying at.
Let's go check out that camp!
We check out the camp.
I love it. Love this guy over here.
You only liked him a couple seconds ago.
It's gone to love.
Did he cast Duncan Trussell on you?
40 years old,
clock's ticking.
Likes kind of turned to love faster than it did when I was 25.
Alright, we run out to that camp.
Do you guys want to take him to your camp?
Just to be sure.
We will take him to our camp.
I'm not my horse.
I hold her name.
Upon the horse you ride.
Everyone loves it.
Soon you're at a small camp.
The large green canvas tents are pitched
and a fire pit has been dug
with skewered hunks of meat roasting over the flames.
A few rocks have been shaped into comfortable-looking chairs.
This is our camp.
Our camp is your camp.
Welcome here.
I sit comfortably in one of the rock chairs.
Nice.
Would you like some of the meat that we have grilling over
is a really gross thing.
Help yourself.
This has been a weird day.
I have to say,
you guys are handling the murder of your pet pretty well.
So are you two together?
Or is there a...
Yeah, what's your story?
Are there partners for us to meet?
Is there a Mrs. Stop Frump?
Our relationship is strictly plutonic.
For all intents and purposes.
Is there anyone else on this camp?
He said plutonic.
That means super gay.
That's right.
It's all the way up the bud.
Shout out to Penny.
He needs to say plutonic.
I've told you that a million times.
They're adorable.
I like these guys.
You guys made all this furniture?
He stands at a new finish.
When you finish it, right?
We bought it from Ikea.
It's beautiful.
Tell us.
Every person and creature in this land
wants something.
What do you too long for?
In what way is your life compass?
I'm so afraid to hear this.
Before we get into that,
I want to extend the use of
our cleaning area
since you have plenty of fish guts all over you.
Clean yourself and then we will talk.
There's a little hot tub over here.
Thank you.
I kind of like the shimmer of the fish viscous.
I'm going to keep it on for a little while.
I create water.
Nice.
What?
Everyone does.
It's nothing to brag about.
That's not a competition.
And good arrows.
Fellows, where are we?
Do we know where we are?
We're on an alien planet.
I feel like they're hiding something.
This camp looks like it must have cost
to eat you $1,000.
What do you guys want out of this?
Spencer, I creep off.
I hide behind Coco.
They think that I'm brushing Coco
and then I just inch away
and I poke around.
Do I find anything?
You find a dire badger.
Cool.
Lips pulled back
and teeth bared.
It charges.
I use my power
to talk to the animal.
You don't know that's happening.
She snuck away.
I was talking about a squirrel I saw there.
A squirrel approaches.
I take out one sleep arrow
and I fire it at the badger.
You fire it at the badger.
It's biting you in the leg.
You take three damage,
but you strike the badger
with the arrow and it falls asleep.
Still three damage, though.
What the hell is going on over there?
Hey guys, I come limping back.
I'm sleeping badger
clenched to your legs.
Sometimes I fancy myself a detective.
I stirred up a badger,
but gentlemen,
quirk, sharpie,
these men have a dire badger.
What kind of people
have dire badgers?
They live in an alien dimension.
We can't ask you because a spell
is cast on you.
I like them.
I cast a level one cause fear
on
Moraine.
Titled to Will Save.
That just means I'm afraid?
Yeah, you run screaming.
Ah!
I'm sorry about her, guys.
That's, uh,
that time of the harvest.
Why don't you go talk to Bob
and go hang out, have him show
you his trailer.
I'll cry in the room.
Ah!
I said that as a joke, I'm sorry.
You're spilling vodka all over your hair.
You're spilling vodka all over.
That's not how it works.
Those are brand new sheets.
Clumsy. I know, I'm sorry, Spencer.
I apologize for a badger attacking you.
Much like us,
it's stranded here in an unfamiliar
realm.
We are just trying to find our way back home.
What is your home?
I don't feel comfortable disclosing that information
with you.
I know I just screamed and ran away,
but I do not trust these guys.
I like them.
What?
Spencer, am I
in the area?
Um, let's see.
Yeah, you recover from your panic
and start to wander back.
I ask, uh,
I ask, uh, Slab,
I said, you know, man, it's been a long fight
in that infinite fish. I could really use a nice back rub.
Jeff likes
a settlement.
I cast hold person.
Whoa!
You fail your save.
You're stricken.
You can't move. You feel yourself being held
as a person.
In a tender way?
In a sleep paralysis way.
I go to sleep?
No, I guess more of just a regular
paralysis way.
I,
Spencer, I don't trust you too.
You want to fight them?
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
Yeah, I take
two arrows.
The arrows,
I fire them,
and I, me and Coco scream,
adventure!
I'm fighting it.
Fire at them.
Both of your arrows miss their mark
and plant themselves deep within the earth.
It's fine because I have Coco.
So, you're trying to hurt us, are you?
No.
This whole thing has become
like an Andy Dick party.
This is a weird random,
people are pitching YouTube commercials.
I inflict
moderate wounds.
Alright, on who?
Malray. Oh, damn.
Reaching out towards you,
he attempts to touch you with his crackling
with energy hand. Typical.
Very.
Was it moderate wounds, he say?
Yeah.
Just making sure I got the right spell,
that's all you guys, don't worry about it.
He touches you lightly
on the arm, but you feel intense pain.
Do something.
Spread throughout your entire body.
You take 12 damage.
Hey, take it easy, buddy.
I like you.
What are you doing?
You're burning my woman.
I'm so just...
Kill your buzz on that.
You're not liking him as much as you were.
You guys are getting creepy on us.
Okay, I cure moderate wounds.
This guy is
all over the shop.
I like that, he's just good.
He gave me the world's creepiest back rub.
Now he's fucking fighting people, curing them.
He's like Cleverbot.
This is random.
Are you off your medication?
I love everyone.
This guy is showing it.
Mulraine is healed to full health.
Jesus.
I apologize for my friend
and my traveling partner.
As a sign of good faith,
please take one of my two healing potions.
I'll see.
Really?
Fine.
Dude.
I'll take it, but also dumb.
You have two, should have given two.
With you constantly attacking,
I set their lives on fire.
Their lives?
They're just handing us potions.
I'm just sitting around a fire.
Everybody's lost their minds.
That's the worst thing.
I'm just trying to open up and get a back rub
and everyone's just going to fucking gun shitty.
People are doing poppers.
I tell everybody about my independent movie
that I'm going to make and how great it's going to be
but I take it,
I take my sword
and I
I try to hit their throats.
Jesus Christ.
Their meat is no harm.
They're not doing anything.
I don't trust them.
Holy fuck.
So is that happening?
Guys, she's not with us.
You're paralyzed, Court.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, they try to hurt me.
There's this badger.
I try to slice your throat.
Pick a throat to slice.
Slabs.
Slab, what's your AC?
It should be around 20.
Now I feel bad about this.
You can do it.
Can I use a vision?
You slice your foot open.
You're not rolling high tonight.
I'm sorry.
Just three damage.
That's not bad.
You look really embarrassed.
You know, things happen.
It doesn't even seem like an act of aggression.
It just seems like a very
confusing and desperate maneuver.
I'm a woman.
I do things.
I care her light wounds.
You care to full health.
I punch myself
on the head three times.
You do that.
You regain control of your body
and just enough to punch yourself.
I eat a tree.
I fuck the sleeping badger.
It wakes up.
I use my power
to talk to the badger.
I pull the badger aside
behind one of the roughly
human attractive stone chairs
and I go, what the fuck is going on?
Spencer horses are intuitive, right?
They can tell if someone's a good person
or a bad person.
I'd say so.
I go up to Coco and I say,
Coco baby.
What's the deal with these two fellows?
Are they good or are they bad?
Spencer, what are we just looking at?
What are we just looking for?
I can explain it in a second.
You just say defer to me.
Let me take care of these two actions.
The badger's like, hey man, this is like forest land.
I don't know what it's called because I'm a badger.
But it's like a forest.
This whole thing is all forest.
All I've seen is forest.
Do you know these guys?
No, I don't hang out with humans.
I live with my animal friends
and sometimes we
cavort and play but we don't talk
to people unless they can talk to animals.
Which is odd.
I'm going to hang out with you. These guys are freaking me out.
Cut to the horse.
These guys are obviously
very confused.
They're not in their element.
They aren't from here.
But Coco baby,
are they evil?
I can't say if they're evil.
They don't seem evil but they do seem
jumping and afraid.
Easily agitatable.
Whatever you say is perfect.
Cut to the two adventurers
whose camp you're in
starting a lengthy monologue.
Maybe not so lengthy.
What would hope?
We've been searching
for this thing.
It's called the soul of growth.
The soul of growth is what birthed
the world tree and the world tree
created the entire plane of
vibrance.
From that came the material plane
and all the plant life in it.
It's a very powerful thing.
It's supposed to be here.
Like I said before, that wizard dude
he teleported us here
but he got eaten by a dire wolverine.
Are you saying this?
These guys are saying it.
I'm not looking at it written down
but I have it written down somewhere.
So I command Sharpie
to help us find the
whatever the hell it is.
You're going to have to cut it down to a one word answer.
A one word command.
Like help.
Of course.
Well it fails to affect him unfortunately.
Damn it.
You are told to help but you don't necessarily
look compelled to.
What kind of game are you trying to run on me man?
Can I use my skill of diplomacy
to try to aid,
have them aid us in our quest?
Is your skill of explain a seed?
Yeah man.
Okay.
The soul of growth. Just explained it.
Looking for it.
We got trapped on this plane.
Now we don't know where the fuck to go.
Let's go find the soul of growth.
We would appreciate your help and in turn
thank you on whatever quest we're on.
We'd love to. Remember that crazy girl
who looked just like me who was trying to kill you?
She was the worst. She left.
I'm here.
I give bull strength to Mulraine.
Oh.
Whoa.
What does that mean?
Your strength increases by five.
Thank you. Thank you Roy.
You're welcome.
Shout out to Panner.
That's right.
I jump on my horse.
Actually, I'm just getting penny if you listen to this.
That's a joke.
Can I inquire as to what your quest is?
What are you doing out here?
I'm just hanging out with these two fuckers.
Things have gone pretty wild for a while.
We want adventure
and fortune, right?
Also my dad is getting killed.
I like the sound of the soul of growth thing.
It sounds like maybe we're going to find
something bigger than just
fortune.
Maybe our souls can
prosper through this. We can grow as people.
Sounds great.
Gentlemen, new friends, would you like to ride
on my horse with me?
Yeah.
Come on. Coco.
This doesn't look a good idea.
I'm really afraid of...
Horses.
Is everybody on fucking mushrooms up here?
I thought it was just me.
You know, he has a talking dagger.
That's true.
I have a talking dagger.
What's up?
Are you interested in that?
Not yet.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
What?
What's going to steal your talking?
The world's worst murder mystery.
I'm Madame McCray
and I run New Orleans.
You run New Orleans?
No, I run New Orleans.
Let's get some more ice.
I'm pretty sure these guys are going to
try to rape and kill us in the road to the soul of growth.
That's true.
I caught a divine favor on...
It's quark. We can be on first names.
Quark.
You are granted a divine favor
and you get the sense that if you attacked something
you'd do a better job of it
as if you had the favor of the divine gods.
That's right.
He's just going down and she's like...
Casting everything.
If you are a fucking wizard, you do that shit too.
I am a wizard.
Well then do that. It's fun.
Well, fine. I...
Help him know I'm out over here.
I cast...
I get to inflict a whole
shitload of wounds on you guys.
I cast Mage Hand.
You get the ability to teleport her.
I mean, I'm sorry.
Move light objects.
Yeah, sir. I use it to lift a rock.
Oh, shit.
Oh, uh...
Yeah.
Okay, now I...
I cast Ray of Frost on the rock.
It is covered in a thin sheet of ice.
No!
Yeah!
Now I cast Burning Hands on the frozen rock.
It cracks in half.
Let's fucking do this shit, bro!
The powers you've demonstrated
can aid us on our quest, please.
I used them.
I had to recharge.
I use stone...
I use stone shape to make it a puppy.
The stone chair
shapes ships into the shape of an adorable puppy.
I cast Hypnotism on the puppy.
The puppy, though shaped like a stone.
I mean, though shaped like a puppy,
is but a stone.
I take two arrows and shoot them at the necks of the strangers
because I realize I don't trust them.
Jesus Christ, you cannot...
one of them strikes directly into the throat.
Pick guys, are you doing each?
I don't...
How many times have they healed you now?
It's like you don't want to be loved.
But they're not open about who they are.
It's disconcerting.
We're so open to answer who we are.
You just told them you were somebody else earlier
when you were behaving like an asshole
and then shot them in the neck with an arrow.
That was not me.
I use my skill of listen to hear what Mulraine has to say.
Damn.
I use my...
He's glad.
I use level 3 to cure serious wounds.
You'll cure your neck wound.
I cast Jump.
I'm going to jump just up in the air like Jack Nicholson
and Wolf.
James Spader just like jump around.
I was going to jump around.
I eat 14 arrows.
You get indigestion.
I march off alone in search of the soul of growth.
I would like to tag along with Warwick
and explore the warwick.
I join him.
Anybody that wants to come along can come.
But let's fucking set some ground rules here.
I'm going with that guy.
Let's be friends and let's fight.
Let's fucking put your dick back in your pants
or take it out.
Don't create water all over each other.
You're a bunch of fucking nutjumps.
Fucking nutjumps.
I've been standing around here
and it's fucking crazy.
I'm leaving.
You guys stay here and fucking punch each other
and kiss each other and freeze rocks.
I join him.
I'm trying to grow as a person.
I join him in magic investment.
Nice.
Thank you. I'll take it later.
As you leave, you feel your armor grow stronger.
I appreciate that.
Whatever your name is, I'm leaving.
Trot, trot, trot, trot, trot, trot, trot, trot.
Trot, trot, trot, trot, trot.
I go running behind Quark.
Come on.
Do you guys want to go east-west or south?
East or west or along the side of the fish
and south is away from him.
South.
All right, that's a good direction.
Everybody's coming?
I really could have used 10 minutes alone, but fine.
Cliffhanger!
That's the end of it.
That's all we have.
Come on, everybody.
Holy moly.
First-time D&D players, guys.
Hey, we all are.
I don't think they did anything wrong.
That was terrific.
I enjoyed myself, and that's what matters.
We had a...
It's not like I've ever had an expert D&D player.
It's not like...
What would that be like?
That was great.
It was like going to the weirdest
bisexual bar in the middle of nowhere.
It was like so many encounters
we had on the road, remember?
I could go to like Rhode Island,
and then somebody would buy you a drink, and you didn't know.
Yeah.
There was like no encounters that I had on the road.
Where were you, Jeff?
I was alone.
After every show, Dan stood out there.
I say this only so that you have to do it tonight as well.
Dan stood and signed everybody's shit
after the show.
But this is too big a crowd.
You can't do it tonight.
I don't need you there in Los Angeles,
but I would do it anyway.
I'm very proud of the fact that...
I'm not proud of myself for shaking
everyone's hand and signing their shit.
That would be a dumb thing to be proud of,
because it's not an accomplishment.
I'm like, oh boy, that's so hard.
It's like digging a ditch.
But you showed great interest in that.
You became very fascinated.
What I was proud of is the fact that I didn't...
My instinct wasn't to go, go fuck yourself.
I'm tired.
I had Milwaukee and a motorcycle
a rider had his horrible wreck
and his leg flew off.
I was running down to him and I tripped over his leg
and I was like, oh shit, his leg's gone.
I was proud of the fact that I didn't like...
I would always think on paper if you said,
oh, you're going to interact
with a guy who lost his leg,
that I would go, oh, I'll probably faint
and I won't be able to help him.
And I didn't help him. He died.
Do you want...
Do you want truth
or do you want a story?
We want a story.
I want a true story, preferably.
He died a million years later.
He lived a full life.
He had eight children.
He didn't die there in the sidewalk,
but I found out later that he died.
But the point is that I didn't
faint and become useless.
I said, hey man, you okay?
Called 911
and put a blanket under his head
because that's what heroes do.
I would say on the road, Dan and I
were both kind of concerned in the beginning
that we would go off on the road
and leave our little nest that melt down comics
and wonder whether or not the crowds that would come
and see us in Phoenix or Austin
or Nashville or wherever would get it
or dig it or whatever.
What we found out was that it was really safe
but it's for me, I'm so happy
to be back and just go back
and to melt down comics and our
50 loyalists that come in there
every time. The cool thing about being back
this is the one thing that I learned.
I don't know if I changed, but
the thing that
us sitting in the back of a comic book store
we're doing the show. We're going to keep doing that every week
because that's like therapy for me.
50 people show up.
Weird thing to cheer,
and I also don't want to punish you for cheering.
I just
want to make you self-conscious about it.
The
obviously keep doing that.
I was always happy to do that, but
there was a voice in the back of my head going
oh, is this, are you
regressing
into a cradle of comfort that's ever
diminishing? Is your world getting
smaller and smaller
by sitting in the back doing this bear sat
spaulding gray routine?
Are you just like shrinking
shrinking and shrinking into
a less and less of a person and just talking
to the only people left that will ever listen
to you? So that
I think that urge is like get out there
go try this
bullshit in Phoenix and see if it plays
see if someone throws pudding at your face
and then
all this shit was like Pat Oswald came up
and he warned us very justifiably
he was like holy shit you're going to Phoenix
it's going to be all fucked up.
The podcast culture is such
that what's happened is like
in every city in the
entire world like you can find
like a hundred or more
of the people
that you would want to hang out with there is
so every city that we went to
it was all the same. It was really odd
they weren't like wearing different hats like
I'm from Austin so it's a cowboy hat
like it wasn't they were just the same people
I'm not saying it should be kiss ass or
you know like to blow smoke but it was
amazing and really
reassuring was that the people that we meet
are the same people that we fell in love with
here for our show
is that incredibly creative
people come to the show like people get like
just like all the artwork
and the gifts and the conversation
they make you a napkin or a hat
napkins not that part of it
it's a very
like it's a very cool like powerfully creative
they're all writers there's got to be more writers
per capita
in a Harmontown audience than anything
how many writers are out there
they're not a group of people that likes to
applaud themselves
but we'll
go with cockroach rules and assume that means
most of you
there's 50 people clap so there's
150 writers out there
for everyone you see Jeff and they're born
pregnant
but the cool
thing is coming back I feel like
doing those shows in the back of Meltdown
where we're going to continue to do them
I do feel like okay
having gone to like 20 cities in 23
days what we learned is
it's not necessarily
an unhealthy thing I'm doing like I am
talking to people
that are all out
there and everybody
that came up to me and talked to me at all
of these shows they all had that
thing in common it was like
little little
nerds that like
we don't fit in
and we just like but
there's nerds that turn that
into anger and go like
we'll fucking kill
and murder everybody because I'm a nerd
and I'm gonna fucking strangle them and show them what's what
and then there's nerds that are like
ah god damn it I just want
people to like me I just want to
and I want to like them I want to understand them
all these lines
like 5,000 people
I think I probably
shook hands with and talked to and it was all
the same some of them can't make eye contact
and most of them can't make eye contact
and I can't make eye contact
I know you get this all the time
it's just really like
I really like it
you don't have to tell me that I'm just Dan Harmon
can I get a picture? I don't know
I didn't mean to
your fault I don't know
I had this conversation with Spencer on the bus
and the camera crews weren't there
the director will blow his brains out when he hears about this
everyone was sleeping
the camera crew was sleeping
it was the most important scene in the documentary that'll never be seen
everyone was sleeping
everyone in the aliens ship
was in hyper sleep
and I woke up mysteriously
the bus wasn't moving
the oil was getting changed
and I walked out and we were in the middle of the space station
and I walked
randomly into this little thing
and Spencer was sitting there looking
unexpectedly like perfectly
at home in a truck stop when you actually look at him
he looks like
if you saw him in a truck stop you would not
you would not look twice
little do you know, yeah
and Spencer and I just talked for a while
and we talked
about autographs, we talked about pictures
we talked about weird things
Spencer is half my age
I thought it was a very interesting conversation
because you and I were talking to each other
about
why do people put
importance on these things
like what is it about autographs
souvenirs, photographs, all these rituals that we engage in
that they celebrate specialness
oh shit, Bill Murray is in an elevator
I get a lack of his hair
I'll have him sign a thing or I'll say something shitty to him
so I have a story to tell my friends
I had the urge to make this moment special
and I was explaining
to you, well I think
people, yeah that's what we have this urge
to make this moment special
and I feel like you, I don't want to put words in your mouth
but at one point you were like
so you want to understand them
like about normal people
you were like
so you actually
want to know
how they think
and I was like
I'm obsessed with that
like I think that
when you don't fit
in like you can react one of
two different ways to that
and I had that conversation with you
and I don't know
I know it was important but I have no idea
what the final verdict was or anything like that
and I know that you were affected by this journey
and I
I hope the movie is good
and I hope that me babbling
will create some kind of
good
yeah
I hope I can improvise
the ending of the movie
also I think I was told
there's going to be some visuals to go along with it too
oh damn
I'm supposed to point at the projectionist
oh shit
we're not even
going to be performing let's just watch
I mean dad you can sing along
and they can rap too
sorry starting up
alright here we go
I just keep my dick inside
I keep my dick inside
a Pringles can
because it keeps my penis safe and dry
Harmontown
some people call me Pringles dick
but I never really found out
no I never found out
I never really found out why
we lost him
here I am
ain't got a chicken
got a chicken noodle can
if you know it sing it
oh my life
I've been putting this can inside
my chicken noodle wife
chicken noodle guy coming down
from the mountain saying chicken noodle
man you gotta work all day
chicken noodle man
you gotta cross the river Jordan
to eat the devil soup until your troubles
go away
soup to the bowl
spoon to the mouth
you gotta get well soon
gotta get some rest and sleep
till noon
drink a cup of coffee then head to the saloon
Harmontown
now it be as yellow
and the blue is brown
junk and trustle has a cancerous nut
and everybody's gonna die
so who gives a fuck
embrace the darkness
embrace the light
I am God
at the Egyptian tonight
thank you everybody for coming
I am King Tut
I fucked your mom in the butt
I nestled
all your death nuts in my life
I am
Harmontown
this is a harm in world
the harm in country's world
a Neapolitan
milkshake for every girl
my name is Harmontown
thank you Marc Maron and Bob Goethay
duck and trustle for coming
Harmontown
I fucked your mama till her palm was brown
let's do the woes
woe
fucked your mama
cancer balls
I fucked your mama